Objective: This paper describes a new congestive heart failure (CHF) treatment performance measure information extraction system-CHIEF-developed as part of the Automated Data Acquisition for Heart Failure project, a Veterans Health Administration project aiming at improving the detection of patients not receiving recommended care for CHF. Design: CHIEF is based on the Apache Unstructured Information Management Architecture framework, and uses a combination of rules, dictionaries, and machine learning methods to extract left ventricular function mentions and values, CHF medications, and documented reasons for a patient not receiving these medications. Measurements: The training and evaluation of CHIEF were based on subsets of a reference standard of various clinical notes from 1083 Veterans Health Administration patients. Domain experts manually annotated these notes to create our reference standard. Metrics used included recall, precision, and the F1-measure. Results: In general, CHIEF extracted CHF medications with high recall (>0.990) and good precision (0.960-0.978). Mentions of Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction were also extracted with high recall (0.978-0.986) and precision (0.986-0.994), and quantitative values of Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction were found with 0.910-0.945 recall and with high precision (0.939-0.976). Reasons for not prescribing CHF medications were more difficult to extract, only reaching fair accuracy with about 0.310-0.400 recall and 0.250-0.320 precision. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that applying natural language processing to unlock the rich and detailed clinical information found in clinical narrative text notes makes fast and scalable quality improvement approaches possible, eventually improvingmanagement and outpatient treatment of patients suffering from CHF.
Oscillometric measurement is widely used to estimate systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP). In this paper, we propose a deep belief network (DBN)-deep neural network (DNN) to learn about the complex nonlinear relationship between the artificial feature vectors obtained from the oscillometric wave and the reference nurse blood pressures using the DBN-DNN-based-regression model. Our DBN-DNN is a powerful generative network for feature extraction and can address to stick in local minima through a special pretraining phase. Therefore, this model provides an alternative way for replacing a popular shallow model. Based on this, we apply the DBN-DNN-based regression model to estimate the SBP and DBP. However, there are a small amount of data samples, which is not enough to train the DBN-DNN without the overfitting problem. For this reason, we use the parametric bootstrap-based artificial features, which are used as training samples to efficiently learn the complex nonlinear functions between the feature vectors obtained and the reference nurse blood pressures. As far as we know, this is one of the first studies using the DBN-DNN-based regression model for BP estimation when a small training sample is available. Our DBN-DNN-based regression model provides a lower standard deviation of error, mean error, and mean absolute error for the SBP and DBP as compared with the conventional methods.
We consider a new type of attack on a coherent quantum key distribution protocol [coherent one-way (COW) protocol]. The main idea of the attack consists in measuring individually the intercepted states and sending the rest of them unchanged. We have calculated the optimum values of the attack parameters for an arbitrary length of a communication channel and compared this novel attack with a standard beam-splitting attack.
Recently, Luo et al. introduced the concept of the color transfer visual cryptographic scheme (CTVCS) by embedding the information of color channels R, G and B into the conventional (k, n)-VCS. Luo et al.'s (k, n)CTVCS visually decoded the halftoned secret image by stacking any k shadow images similar to the conventional (k, n)-VCS and obtained a high-quality color image. However, Luo et al.'s (k, n)-CTVCS requires a key in the encoding and decoding phases and therefore it is, strictly speaking, not a threshold scheme with perfect security. In this study, we solved this security problem and proposed a (k, n)-CTVCS that does not require a key. This experiment indicated that the proposed solution achieves the same feature (obtaining the original color image) as Luo et al.'s (k, n)-CTVCS. In addition, we formally defined contrast and security conditions of a (k, n)-CTVCS and demonstrated that our constructions satisfied the contrast and security conditions of a (k, n)-CTVCS. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In this paper, a simple and efficient watermarking method is proposed by using visual cryptography, singular value decomposition and chaotic maps. The proposed scheme uses a gray-level image as watermark instead of binary logo or bit sequence. The proposed scheme is a zero-watermarking scheme, where the watermark is not embedded directly in the host image. The host image is encrypted with secret watermark image by constructing two shares- master share and ownership share. The two shares separately do not give any information about the watermark but when stacked together, the watermark is revealed. Singular value decomposition has been used to select the robust features of the host image and chaotic maps have been used to improve the security. Experimental study is conducted to evaluate the robustness of the algorithm against various signal processing and geometrical attacks.
Vote by ballot is the feature in a democratic society and the process of decision-making, tending to achieve the philosophy of democratic politics by having the public who are eligible to vote for competent candidates or leaders. With the rapid development of technologies and network applications, electronization has been actively promoted globally during the social transformation period that the concept of electronic voting is further derived. The major advantages of electronic voting, comparing with traditional voting, lie in the mobility strength of electronic voting, reducing a large amount of election costs and enhancing the convenience for the public. Electronic voting allows voters completing voting on the Internet that not only are climate and location restrictions overcome, but the voter turnout is also increased and the voting time is reduced for the public. With the development in the past three decades, electronic voting presents outstanding performance theoretically and practically. Nevertheless, it is regrettable that electronic voting schemes still cannot be completely open because of lures by money and threats. People to lure by money and threats would confirm the voters following their instructions through various methods that more factors would appear on election results, affecting the quality and fairness of the election. In this study, this project aims to design an electronic voting scheme which could actually defend voters' free will so that lure of money and threats would fail. Furthermore, an electronic voting system based on Elliptic Curve Cryptography is proposed to ensure the efficiency and security, and Ring Signature and Signcryption are applied to reducing the computing costs. Moreover, this project also focuses on applying voting system to mobile devices. As the system efficiency and security are emphasized, voters do not need to participate in the election, but simply complete voting with smart phones, iPads, and computers. The votes would be automatically calculated and verified the results that the ballots are not necessarily printed, the printing of election mails is reduced, and manual handling is canceled. Such a method would effectively reduce voting costs and enhance the economic efficiency.
GUI testing is essential to provide validity and quality of system response, but applying it to a development is not straightforward: it is time consuming, requires specialized personnel, and involves complex activities that sometimes are implemented manually. GUI testing tools help supporting these processes. However, integrating them into software projects may be troublesome, mainly due to the diversity of GUI platforms and operating systems in use. This work presents the design and implementation of Open HMI Tester (OHT), an application framework for the automation of testing processes based on GUI introspection. It is cross-platform, and provides an adaptable design aimed at supporting major event-based GUI platforms. It can also be integrated into ongoing and legacy developments using dynamic library preloading. OHT provides a robust and extensible basis to implement GUI testing tools. A capture and replay approach has been implemented as proof of concept. Introspection is used to capture essential GUI and interaction data. It is used also to simulate real human interaction in order to increase robustness and tolerance to changes between testing iterations. OHT is being actively developed by the Open-source Community and, as shown in this paper, it is ready to be used in current software projects.
The electrification of sectors such as heating and transportation represents a challenge as well as an opportunity for distribution system operators. On the one hand, they are committed to accommodate large numbers of highly rated loads in networks for which it was not designed. On the other hand, some of those represent a source of flexibility that can be used to satisfy different technical and commercial purposes. This paper introduces an upgraded hierarchical structure that aims to serve as a platform for activating and controlling the demand response in low voltage (LV) networks. In this way, a system operator playing a role of an aggregator not only could trade flexible demand in the power markets, but also materialize its energy agreements while ensuring the local network security and reliability. To verify the effectiveness of this extended method, a Danish LV network is considered. The results show that it is possible to fulfill energy commitments in energy markets such as the regulation power market while respecting the proper network operation. However, the activation of the flexibility offered might be limited depending on the network characteristics and the season of the year.
Advanced biomedical instruments and data acquisition techniques generate large amount of physiological data. For accurate diagnosis of related pathology, it has become necessary to develop new methods for analyzing and understanding this data. Clinical decision support systems are designed to provide real time guidance to healthcare experts. These are evolving as an alternate strategy to increase the exactness of diagnostic testing. Generalization ability of these systems is governed by the characteristics of dataset used during its development. It is observed that sub pathologies have a much varied ratio of occurrence in the population, making the dataset extremely imbalanced. This problem can be resolved at both levels i.e. at data level as well as algorithmic level. This work proposes a synthetic sampling technique to balance dataset along with Modified Particle Swarm Optimization (M-PSO) technique. A comparative study of multiclass support vector machine (SVM) classifier optimization algorithm based on grid selection (GSVM), hybrid feature selection (SVMFS), genetic algorithm (GA) and M-PSO is presented in this work. Empirical analysis of five machine learning algorithms demonstrate that M-PSO statistically outperforms the others. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
It is widely recognized that the public-key cryptosystems are playing tremendously an important role for providing the security services. In majority of the cryptosystems the crucial arithmetic operation is modular exponentiation. It is composed of a series of modular multiplications. Hence, the performance of any cryptosystem is strongly depends on the efficient implementation of these operations. This paper presents the Bit Forwarding 3-bits(BFW3) technique for efficient implementation of modular exponentiation. The modular multiplication involved in BFW3 is evaluated with the help of Montgomery method. These techniques improves the performance by reducing the frequency of modular multiplications. Results shows that the BFW3 technique is able to reduce the frequency of multiplications by 18.20% for 1024-bit exponent. This reduction resulted in increased throughput of 18.11% in comparison with MME42_C2 at the cost of 1.09% extra area. The power consumption reduced by 8.53% thereby saving the energy up to 10.10%.
Confirmation of pregnancy viability (presence of fetal cardiac activity) and diagnosis of fetal presentation (head or buttock in the maternal pelvis) are the first essential components of ultrasound assessment in obstetrics. The former is useful in assessing the presence of an on-going pregnancy and the latter is essential for labour management. We propose an automated framework for detection of fetal presentation and heartbeat from a predefined free-hand ultrasound sweep of the maternal abdomen. Our method exploits the presence of key anatomical sonographic image patterns in carefully designed scanning protocols to develop, for the first time, an automated framework allowing novice sonographers to detect fetal breech presentation and heartbeat from an ultrasound sweep. The framework consists of a classification regime for a frame by frame categorization of each 2D slice of the video. The classification scores are then regularized through a conditional random field model, taking into account the temporal relationship between the video frames. Subsequently, if consecutive frames of the fetal heart are detected, a kernelized linear dynamical model is used to identify whether a heartbeat can be detected in the sequence. In a dataset of 323 predefined free-hand videos, covering the mother's abdomen in a straight sweep, the fetal skull, abdomen, and heart were detected with a mean classification accuracy of 83.4%. Furthermore, for the detection of the heartbeat an overall classification accuracy of 93.1% was achieved. (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
This paper introduces a CMOS vision sensor chip in a standard 0.18 mu m CMOS technology for Gaussian pyramid extraction. The Gaussian pyramid provides computer vision algorithms with scale invariance, which permits having the same response regardless of the distance of the scene to the camera. The chip comprises 176x120 photosensors arranged into 88x60 processing elements (PEs). The Gaussian pyramid is generated with a double-Euler switched capacitor (SC) network. Every PE comprises four photodiodes, one 8 b single-slope analog-to-digital converter, one correlated double sampling circuit, and four state capacitors with their corresponding switches to implement the double-Euler SC network. Every PE occupies 44 x 44 mu m(2). Measurements from the chip are presented to assess the accuracy of the generated Gaussian pyramid for visual tracking applications. Error levels are below 2% full-scale output, thus making the chip feasible for these applications. Also, energy cost is 26.5 nJ/px at 2.64 Mpx/s, thus outperforming conventional solutions of imager plus microprocessor unit.
Experimental or operational modal analysis traditionally requires physically-attached wired or wireless sensors for vibration measurement of structures. This instrumentation can result in mass-loading on lightweight structures, and is costly and time-consuming to install and maintain on large civil structures, especially for long-term applications (e.g., structural health monitoring) that require significant maintenance for cabling (wired sensors) or periodic replacement of the energy supply (wireless sensors). Moreover, these sensors are typically placed at a limited number of discrete locations, providing low spatial sensing resolution that is hardly sufficient for modal-based damage localization, or model correlation and updating for larger-scale structures. Non-contact measurement methods such as scanning laser vibrometers provide high-resolution sensing capacity without the mass-loading effect; however, they make sequential measurements that require considerable acquisition time. As an alternative non-contact method, digital video cameras are relatively low-cost, agile, and provide high spatial resolution, simultaneous, measurements. Combined with vision based algorithms (e.g., image correlation, optical flow), video camera based measurements have been successfully used for vibration measurements and subsequent modal analysis, based on techniques such as the digital image correlation (DIC) and the point-tracking. However, they typically require speckle pattern or high-contrast markers to be placed on the surface of structures, which poses challenges when the measurement area is large or inaccessible. This work explores advanced computer vision and video processing algorithms to develop a novel video measurement and vision-based operational (output-only) modal analysis method that alleviate the need of structural surface preparation associated with existing vision-based methods and can be implemented in a relatively efficient and autonomous manner with little user supervision and calibration. First a multi-scale image processing method is applied on the frames of the video of a vibrating structure to extract the local pixel phases that encode local structural vibration, establishing a full-field spatioteMporal motion matrix. Then a high-spatial dimensional, yet low-modal-dimensional, over-complete model is used to represent the extracted full-field motion matrix using modal superposition, which is physically connected and manipulated by a family of unsupervised learning models and techniques, respectively. Thus, the proposed method is able to blindly extract modal frequencies, damping ratios, and full-field (as many points as the pixel number of the video frame) mode shapes from line of sight video measurements of the structure. The method is validated by laboratory experiments on a bench-scale building structure and a cantilever beam. Its ability for output (video measurements)-only identification and visualization of the weakly-excited mode is demonstrated and several issues with its implementation are discussed. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
A new method for obtaining random bijective S-boxes based on discrete chaotic map is presented. The proposed method uses a discrete chaotic map based on the composition of permutations. The obtained S-boxes have been tested on the number of criteria, such as bijection, nonlinearity, strict avalanche criterion, output bits independence criterion, equiprobable input/output XOR distribution and maximum expected linear probability. The results of performance test show that the S-box presented in this paper has good cryptographic properties. The advantage of the proposed method is the possibility to achieve large key space, which makes it suitable for generation of S-boxes for larger values of n. Also, because this method uses discrete chaotic map based on the composition of permutations which has finite space domain, there is no need for discretization of continuous values of chaotic map, so the process of generation of S-boxes is not affected by approximations of any kind.
This research investigated the application of 915 MHz microwaves in pasteurizing, pre-packaged vegetables. A specially designed 915 MHz single-mode microwave-assisted pasteurization (MAP) system was used to process carrot cuboids in brine pre-packaged in 8-oz polymer pouches. Gellan gel was formulated and selected as the model food to simulate the real foods processed by the MAP system; heating patterns and cold spots of the pouched samples were detected by a chemical-marker based computer vision method. Two MAP processes (F-90 degrees C = 3 min and F-90 degrees C = 10 min) targeting Clostridium botulinum type E spores were developed and compared with conventional hot water (HW) processes resulting in equivalent microbial safety. Compared with an equivalent HW process, MAP process greatly reduced the total processing time, reduced the cook values and improved quality uniformity of the products. Quality evaluation showed the impacts of MAP processing on each quality attribute of carrot products depended on the specific quality parameter selected. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In many low-to-mid power applications, critical mode boost power factor corrector converters are widely used because of its low switching loss and simple control. However, near the zero crossing of the input line voltage, an input current distortion and a low power factor are caused by delayed switching period and negative input currents. Generally, an additional on-time method according to the input voltage is used to compensate the input current distortion. However, a detailed quantitative analysis for the exact additional on time has not been studied till now. In this paper, the explicit form of the optimized additional on time has been obtained using a quantitative analysis and the advantage of the digital control. From a state trajectory and net input charge analysis, it is shown that the optimized on time should be related to not only the input voltage, but also the output power. Also, in order to improve the efficiency in a high input and light load condition, circulating currents are reduced in the inevitable dead angle with a gate turning-off technique. By using digital control, the optimized additional on time and the gate turn-off technique have been implemented with the 90-230 V-rms input and 380 V/200 W output prototype.
The main focus of this paper is to select an economically suitable sustainable standalone power supply system for a remote off-grid town in Western Australia. Existing power systems of such remote towns in Australia have adverse environmental impacts and contribute to global warming due to the utilization of fossil fuels, especially diesel and gas. The possible electricity supply systems for such towns can vary from a diesel/gas generator towards a hybrid system composed of a generator, Wind turbine, photovoltaic system, and battery energy storage. In order to limit the cost of the system and to propose the most economically feasible solution, various combinations of supply systems are considered. These systems are analyzed in this paper by the help of HOMER software to determine the optimal architecture and the control strategy of the supply system. This study has used real demand data of the town, as well as the prices of different electrical components in the Australian market. The scenario which yields the minimum cost of energy is defined and suggested. Also, a decision-making based technique is proposed to help the local electricity utility in finding the suitable solution in the case of budget limits on the investment and annual operation and maintenance. Another aim of this analysis is to investigate and illustrate the impact of a small annual load growth on the size of the selected components for the selected power system, as well as the total net present cost and the cost of electricity. A sensitivity analysis is also performed to analyze the impact of uncertainties of some of the parameters in the outcome of the study to obtain the optimized cost of the selected system. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The aim of this paper is to present a superior transient response of a digital peak current mode dc-dc converter in order to address input voltage fluctuation. In the dc power feeding system, a quick response is important for not only load fluctuation but also input voltage fluctuation. Since the proposed peak current mode control method can detect the peak current in real time, the transient response can improve compared with the conventional digital voltage mode PID control. As a result, the convergence time and undershoot of output voltage is suppressed by more than 50%.
This paper describes a modular architecture based on the dual-active bridge (DAB) converter in input-series-output-parallel (ISOP) connection. This work is focused on the input voltage sharing to ensure a proper operation of each module by means of an active control of input and output voltages. A small-signal model of the modular architecture is proposed and a decoupled control loops' scheme is used to implement the control strategy. An experimental setup has been built in order to validate the model of the DAB converter in ISOP connection and the proposed control strategy, taking different operating conditions and constructive parameter values into account.
In recent work, Baez, Fong and the author introduced a framework for describing Markov processes equipped with a detailed balanced equilibrium as open systems of a certain type. These open Markov processes serve as the building blocks for more complicated processes. In this paper, we describe the potential application of this framework in the modeling of biological systems as open systems maintained away from equilibrium. We show that non-equilibrium steady states emerge in open systems of this type, even when the rates of the underlying process are such that a detailed balanced equilibrium is permitted. It is shown that these non-equilibrium steady states minimize a quadratic form which we call dissipation. In some circumstances, the dissipation is approximately equal to the rate of change of relative entropy plus a correction term. On the other hand, Prigogine's principle of minimum entropy production generally fails for non-equilibrium steady states. We use a simple model of membrane transport to illustrate these concepts.
This paper introduces the adaptive slope compensation method into the digital clamping current control at various input voltages to improve the power factor (PF) and the total harmonic distortion (THD) of the universal input. The controller conducts a phase-management mechanism for various input voltages and load conditions to raise the circuit conversion efficiency. The optimal switching timing for one-and two-phase operations can be determined from the power loss distribution. A digital signal processor chip TMS320F28035 is used to implement the digital platform. A 300-W laboratory prototype with a universal line voltage 80-V dc output voltage is designed and tested to verify the feasibility. The values of efficiency from light load (10% of rated power) to full load at 115- and 230-V inputs are greater than 95%. PF values from medium to full load are greater than 0.94. Input current harmonics also meet the norm of IEC 61000-3-2 Class D.
We discuss the modeling of dielectric responses of electromagnetically excited networks which are composed of a mixture of capacitors and resistors. Such networks can be employed as lumped-parameter circuits to model the response of composite materials containing conductive and insulating grains. The dynamics of the excited network systems are studied using a state space model derived from a randomized incidence matrix. Time and frequency domain responses from synthetic data sets generated from state space models are analyzed for the purpose of estimating the fraction of capacitors in the network. Good results were obtained by using either the time-domain response to a pulse excitation or impedance data at selected frequencies. A chemometric framework based on a Successive Projections Algorithm (SPA) enables the construction of multiple linear regression (MLR) models which can efficiently determine the ratio of conductive to insulating components in composite material samples. The proposed method avoids restrictions commonly associated with Archie's law, the application of percolation theory or Kohlrausch-Williams-Watts models and is applicable to experimental results generated by either time domain transient spectrometers or continuous-wave instruments. Furthermore, it is quite generic and applicable to tomography, acoustics as well as other spectroscopies such as nuclear magnetic resonance, electron paramagnetic resonance and, therefore, should be of general interest across the dielectrics community.
Since thermal environment affects production, egg quality and laying hens' mortality rates, it is highly relevant to control the thermal environment within poultry houses so that the best financial profits could be obtained. Three commercial poultry houses with different climatization systems are analyzed in current research: a poultry house with tunnel-like ventilation and pad cooling; a poultry house with natural ventilation and nebulization; a poultry house with simple natural ventilation. Their thermal environment, production, egg quality and laying hens' mortality rates among different poultry houses and at different areas of the same poultry house are compared. Economic profits based on difference in electric energy consumption by climatization systems and on the laying hens' productivity of each poultry house are calculated. Electricity meters were installed within the electrical circuits of the climatization and light systems of the three poultry houses. Data were registered between December 2011 and March 2012 and results showed that all the poultry houses featured heterogeneity in internal thermal environment with faults in the climatization systems. Important differences were reported in egg production and quality caused by overheating. The poultry house with tunnel-like ventilation and pad cooling had the best thermal isolation from the external environment that resulted in a 12.04% improvement in production, decrease between 30 and 40% in laying hens' mortality rates and the best economic result.
This paper presents a three-phase transformerless uninterruptible power supply (UPS) with sinusoidal pulse width modulation (SPWM) based division-summation (D-Sigma) digital control. A transformerless UPS controls the power flow between dc link and utility grid, as well as tracks the ac reference voltage. The proposed control law derived with D-Sigma digital approach takes into account the effects of dc-link voltage fluctuation, grid-voltage distortion and inductance variation due to different current levels. Thus, distortion of input current and filter inductor core size can be reduced significantly. However, circulating current may flow through the common ground between the input power factor corrector (PFC) and the output three-phase four-wire inverter. The derived control law based on SPWM can suppress this circulating current and regulate output voltages tightly. Experimental results measured from a three-phase transformerless UPS have confirmed the analysis and discussion of the proposed control approach.
This paper describes the main characteristics and the performance of a saturated core type fault current limiter (FCL) rated 45MVA(33 kV-800 A) to be provided by ASG Power Systems. The FCL, which has been submitted to preliminary laboratory testing, will be installed at a 275/33 kV substation in the U.K. and will reduce the fault current by 38%. The device is based on an open geometry of the magnetic cores which allows reduced size and the weight. Magnetic saturation of the cores is obtained by means of two magnesium diboride (MgB2) magnets. A numerical model of the FCL has been developed and validated and the interaction of the device with the power grid has been investigated. Details and results of the model are also discussed in the paper.
We consider the problem of allocating the cost of a transmission system among load and generator entities. It is a known instance of the classical cooperative game theoretic problem. To solve this problem is a formidable task, as we are dealing with a combinatorial game with transferable utilities. This is an NP hard problem. Therefore, it suffers from the curse of dimensionality. Marginal pricing is a pragmatic alternative to solve this problem since both Kirchhoff current law and voltage law are strictly adhered to. However, the generic complexity of cooperative game theoretic problems cannot be just wished away. It now manifests as the difficulty in choosing an economic slack bus, which may even be dispersed. We propose the application of min-max fairness policy to solve this problem and give an algorithm which will run in polynomial time. During network cost allocation, min-max fairness policy minimizes the maximum regret among participating entities at each step. Maximum regret is measured in terms of price, and lexicographic application of this principle leads to a fair and unique equilibrium price vector. Results on a large network demonstrate fairness as well as tractability of the proposed approach.
There is a rapid growing interest in using biomass as an alternative source for clean and sustainable energy production. In this work, a hybrid system was developed to combine anaerobic digestion (AD) and gasification for energy recovery from yard waste and woody biomass. The feasibility of the proposed hybrid system was validated experimentally and numerically and the energy efficiency was maximized by varying energy input in the drying process. The experiments were performed in two stages. At the first stage, AD of yard waste was conducted by mixing with anaerobic sludge. At the second stage, co-gasification was added as post-treatment for the AD residue for syngas production. The co-gasification experiments of AD residue and woody biomass were conducted at varying mixing ratios and varying moisture contents of AD residue. Optimal energy efficiency was found to be 70.8% at mixing ratio of 20 wt% AD residue with 30 wt% moisture content. Two kinetic models were then adapted for prediction of biogas produced in AD process and syngas produced in gasification process, respectively. Both experimental and numerical results showed that full utilization of biomass could be realized to produce energy through the combination of these two technologies. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
This paper investigates the impact of stock market developments on oil and electricity demand of OECD member countries. We conduct different panel data methodologies and use annual data ranging from 1996 to 2011. The overall findings substantiate that income, real prices, size of the stock market and liquidity are important determinants for both oil and electricity demand. We also compute long-run elasticity coefficients by using a simple Partial Adjustment Model (PAM) and find that the long run elasticity coefficients are larger than the short run parameters. Moreover, our results show that the demand for oil and electricity is inelastic with respect to both own real price and real income over the short-run and the long-run. From a policy making perspective, the findings suggest that potential policy tools to reduce energy consumption may not be useful as the demand for energy is inelastic with respect to energy prices. Our results also manifest that although stock market deepening variables do not have a large effect on energy use as energy price and economic growth have, market size and liquidity significantly affect energy consumption. Therefore, energy demand estimations based on solely energy price and income may be inaccurate when some stock market development indicators are excluded. The empirical findings of this paper provide further insights for policy makers, energy companies and energy economists in terms of demand management policies and pricing decisions.
Program EMTP ATP is a very effective tool for solving and analysis of transients of various electrical circuits. We used this program for analysis energy stored in inductance of induction motor and the influence to starting current. Paper deals with the situation repeating the induction motor starting, that occurs immediately follow each other. During such repeating induction motor starting the influence of already existing magnetic field in the motor is applied. Is is caused by energy stored in main inductance of induction motor. We performed a simulation in EMTP ATP and after that we made measurement.
In high-quality education, topics concerning the behavior and control of electrical machines and power electronics have to be taught not only theoretically but also in a practical manner. Hard-and software tools are necessary to fulfil this obligation. Nevertheless, commercial systems partially lack of functionality or full accessibility to implement custom solutions, which is obligatory in the research and education domain. Therefore, a digital signal processing system is presented, that allows full modification of every used device, both in hardware and in software.
Introduction: The Reading the Mind in the Eyes Test (hereafter: Eyes Test) is considered an advanced task of the Theory of Mind aimed at assessing the performance of the participant in perspective-takingthat is, the ability to sense or understand other people's cognitive and emotional states. In this study, the item response theory analysis was applied to the adult version of the Eyes Test.Methods: The Italian version of the Eyes Test was administered to 200 undergraduate students of both genders (males=46%). Modified parallel analysis (MPA) was used to test unidimensionality. Marginal maximum likelihood estimation was used to fit the 1-, 2-, and 3-parameter logistic (PL) model to the data. Differential Item Functioning (DIF) due to gender was explored with five independent methods.Results: MPA provided evidence in favour of unidimensionality. The Rasch model (1-PL) was superior to the other two models in explaining participants' responses to the Eyes Test. There was no robust evidence of gender-related DIF in the Eyes Test, although some differences may exist for some items as a reflection of real differences by group.Conclusions: The study results support a one-factor model of the Eyes Test. Performance on the Eyes Test is defined by the participant's ability in perspective-taking. Researchers should cease using arbitrarily selected subscores in assessing the performance of participants to the Eyes Test. Lack of gender-related DIF favours the use of the Eyes Test in the investigation of gender differences concerning empathy and social cognition.
This article deals with the professional identity of teachers and how the arts can contribute to its development. We analyze the professional competences of teachers and the importance of communication, emphasizing the relevance of reflective practice and significant learning in a collaborative environmentthat take into account social interaction and negotiation of knowledge. The arts disciplines promote social tools that allow people to build their identities, such as verbal and nonverbal communication, critical thinking and the exchange of experiences.
Sexual minority stress experiences (e.g. prejudice, victimization, etc.) and peer substance use norms (e.g. peers' frequency of use and quantity consumed) are important correlates of alcohol and drug use in sexual minority populations. The current study incorporates both of these by examining LGB individuals' perceptions of peers' use of alcohol and other drugs to cope with a sexual minority stressor, and whether perceptions of peer coping norms relate to one's own coping-motivated substance use in response to the stressor. Three-hundred and seven sexual minority males and females who identified as gay, lesbian, or bisexual completed an online survey approximately 1 month following the Pulse Nightclub Shooting, the deadliest incident of violence against LGBT people in U.S. history, and a stressor experienced within LGB communities throughout the U.S. Results revealed that LGB peers were widely perceived as likely to have coped with alcohol (68%) and drugs (41%) following the Pulse Shooting; however only small proportions of participants themselves reported coping with alcohol (26%) and drugs (7%). Further, multivariate models revealed that even after controlling for other factors including the stress impact of the Pulse shooting, the odds of using alcohol to cope with this event were 15 times greater among participants who held the perception that LGB peers likely used alcohol to cope relative to those who did not share this perception. Similarly, the odds of using drugs to cope with this event were 9 times greater among participants who perceived LGB peers likely to use drugs to cope with Pulse compared to those who did not. Importantly, these findings suggest that personalized normative feedback designed to correct perceptions of peers' coping motivated substance use may have utility as a motivational component in larger interventions seeking to reduce LGBs' substance use. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Objective To describe the communication techniques used by clients and veterinarians during companion animal visits in Australia. Design A cross-sectional descriptive study. Methods A total of 64 veterinary consultations were audiotaped and analysed with the Roter Interaction Analysis System (RIAS); clients completed appointment level measures, including their satisfaction and perceptions of relational communication. Results Participants were 24 veterinarians and 64 clients. Statements intended to reassure clients were expressed frequently in the consultations, but in 59% of appointments empathy statements were not expressed towards either the client or the patient. In 10% of appointments, veterinarians did not used any open-ended questions. Overall client satisfaction was high and veterinarians' expressions of empathy directed to the client resulted in higher levels of client satisfaction. Clients' perceptions of relational communication were related to several veterinarian and client nonverbal scales. Conclusions A focus on developing evidence-based clinical communication skills is expected to further enhance the veterinarian-client-patient relationship and associated clinical outcomes. Particular recommendations include the development of a broader emotion-handling repertoire, increased emphasis on the use of open-ended enquiry, including assessment of the client's perspective, as well as attention to aspects of nonverbal communication. The study provides preliminary evidence for the importance of verbal expressions of empathy during the companion animal consultation.
The Acculturative Family Distancing (AFD) rating questionnaire measures the distancing that occurs between immigrant parents and their children, which is caused by breakdowns in communication and cultural value differences. The items included in the AFD questionnaire are indicators for more proximal and problem-focused aspects of the acculturation gap. In this study, a psychometric analysis is performed on the data gathered with the AFD instrument. One hundred twenty-three Chinese American families (112 mothers, 85 fathers, and 120 children for a total of 317) completed the questionnaire. In addition, the specifications for an extended 2-tier item factor analysis model within a Bayesian multidimensional item response theory framework are provided to psychometrically analyze the AFD data. Results suggest that the original 2 dimensions of Communication Difficulties and Cultural Values Incongruency can be further refined into 4 clinically relevant dimensions (i.e., Verbal Communication Difficulties, Nonverbal Communication Difficulties, General Cultural Values Incongruency, and Family Values Incongruency). Moreover, reducing the number of items can improve AFD estimates and reduce assessment burden.
Visual information plays a critical role in the assessment of music performance. Audiovisual integration is well recognised in person perception, and people readily match talking faces to speaking voices. This effect exists in identifying music performers, but its strength is untested. This study investigated the importance of visual or audio priming in identifying a music performer from a line-up. Half the participants saw a target saxophonist (no sound) and then heard a line-up (no visuals) of saxophonists playing (2 to 5 saxophonists). In contrast, half the participants heard a target saxophonist (no visuals) and then saw the line-up (no sound). Participants identified the target saxophonist in visual and audio line-ups at a rate above chance, although identification accuracy decreased as the line-up number increased. Those who saw the targets identified a significantly greater number of performers from the audio line-up than those who heard the targets and identified them from a visual line-up. As the task complexity and number of distractors increased, responses remained consistent and visual priming was robust and reliable in performer identification.
Individuals are not merely passive vessels of whatever beliefs and opinions they have been exposed to; rather, they are attracted to belief systems that resonate with their own psychological needs and interests, including epistemic, existential, and relational needs to attain certainty, security, and social belongingness. Jost, Glaser, Kruglanski, and Sulloway (2003) demonstrated that needs to manage uncertainty and threat were associated with core values of political conservatism, namely respect for tradition and acceptance of inequality. Since 2003 there have been far more studies on the psychology of left-right ideology than in the preceding half century, and their empirical yield helps to address lingering questions and criticisms. We have identified 181 studies of epistemic motivation (involving 130,000 individual participants) and nearly 100 studies of existential motivation (involving 360,000 participants). These databases, which are much larger and more heterogeneous than those used in previous meta-analyses, confirm that significant ideological asymmetries exist with respect to dogmatism, cognitive/perceptual rigidity, personal needs for order/structure/closure, integrative complexity, tolerance of ambiguity/uncertainty, need for cognition, cognitive reflection, self-deception, and subjective perceptions of threat. Exposure to objectively threatening circumstances-such as terrorist attacks, governmental warnings, and shifts in racial demography-contribute to modest conservative shifts in public opinion. There are also ideological asymmetries in relational motivation, including the desire to share reality, perceptions of within-group consensus, collective self-efficacy, homogeneity of social networks, and the tendency to trust the government more when one's own political party is in power. Although some object to the very notion that there are meaningful psychological differences between leftists and rightists, the identification of elective affinities between cognitive-motivational processes and contents of specific belief systems is essential to the study of political psychology. Political psychologists may contribute to the development of a good society not by downplaying ideological differences or advocating Swiss-style neutrality when it comes to human values, but by investigating such phenomena critically, even-or perhaps especially-when there is pressure in society to view them uncritically.
Despite the frequency with which individuals compare themselves to a benchmark, little research has examined the implications of such comparisons on willingness to help others. Such comparisons can vary in direction by suggesting that one is doing better than a benchmark (a downward comparison) or worse than a benchmark (an upward comparison). We argue and find that by being relatively better off, people making downward comparisons are more likely to view giving as a means of expressing altruistic values (e.g., to give back and be a better person) compared to those making upward comparisons. Consequently, when the context highlights the instrumentality of giving for more altruistic reasons (to benefit others), they are more willing to give than are those making upward comparisons. Furthermore, this difference is mitigated when the context highlights the instrumentality of giving to benefit the self, and is reversed when the instrumentality of giving for benefitting others is challenged. We obtain support for this account across four studies, through both moderation and mediation, and across both monetary and nonmonetary comparison domains. (C) 2016 Society for Consumer Psychology. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Observers frequently form impressions of other people based on complex or conflicting information. Rather than being objective, these impressions are often biased by observers' motives. For instance, observers often downplay negative information they learn about ingroup members. Here, we characterize the neural systems associated with biased impression formation. Participants learned positive and negative information about ingroup and outgroup social targets. Following this information, participants worsened their impressions of outgroup, but not ingroup, targets. This tendency was associated with a failure to engage neural structures including lateral prefrontal cortex, dorsal anterior cingulate cortex, temporoparietal junction, Insula and Precuneus when processing negative information about ingroup (but not outgroup) targets. To the extent that participants engaged these regions while learning negative information about ingroup members, they exhibited less ingroup bias in their impressions. These data are consistent with a model of 'effortless bias', under which perceivers fail to process goal-inconsistent information in order to maintain desired conclusions.
Purpose of the Study: On the face of the shrinking opportunities for children and older adults to routinely interact with one another-sometimes the result of adolescent geographies, age-segregated and gated communities, families' geographical mobility-many communities have introduced intergenerational programs within the school curriculum. For more than a decade one Massachusetts community has maintained an intergenerational program that brings fourth grade students together with older adults. The question is, does students' involvement in an intergenerational program lessened ageist beliefs 5-9 years later. Design and Methods: A quasi-experimental research design examined the images of aging held by 944 students who grew up in neighboring towns and attend a regional high school. Participants completed brief questionnaire. Results: Separate regression analyses of positive and negative images of aging-controlling for students' frequency and self-reported quality of interaction with older adults, ethnicity, age, and gender-reveal a town difference in students' positive, but not negative, images of aging. Implications: What is certain is that the high school students from one community with ongoing intergenerational programming hold a more positive image of older adults. Further research is needed to parse out exactly how short-and long-term legacy effects arise when young students have an opportunity to interact closely with older adults who are not their grandparents or neighbors.
Recent research with Western populations has demonstrated that children use imitation flexibly to engage in both instrumental and conventional learning. Evidence for children's imitative flexibility in non-Western populations is limited, however, and has only assessed imitation of instrumental tasks. This study (N = 142, 6- to 8-year-olds) demonstrates both cultural continuity and cultural variation in imitative flexibility. Children engage in higher imitative fidelity for conventional tasks than for instrumental tasks in both an industrialized, Western culture (United States), and a subsistence-based, non-Western culture (Vanuatu). Children in Vanuatu engage in higher imitative fidelity of instrumental tasks than in the United States, a potential consequence of cultural variation in child socialization for conformity.
Stress and coping in couples have received increased research attention during the past two decades, particularly with regard to how couples cope with stress. Dyadic coping has emerged as a strong predictor of relationship satisfaction. Less research has focused on the effects of dyadic coping on other outcomes or family members. In the present study, the authors addressed this gap by examining parents' dyadic coping as a predictor of children's internalizing symptoms, externalizing symptoms, and prosocial behavior in three independent studies. In Studies 1 and 2 self-report data were used to assess parents' dyadic coping through the parents' and the children's perspective, and Study 3 included observational data on dyadic coping. Parental dyadic coping was related to children's externalizing symptoms, internalizing symptoms, and prosocial behavior, although results for the latter two outcomes were not consistent across the three studies. The findings suggest that parents' dyadic coping deserves greater consideration within the context of child development.
This research was designed to investigate the relationship between sympathetic and parasympathetic autonomic nervous system (ANS) responses to the perception of social targets varying in social status. Participants varying in subjective financial status were presented with faces assigned with either a low, average, or high financial status. Electrocardiographic and impedance cardiography signals were recorded and measures of sympathetic (pre-ejection period; PEP) and parasympathetic (high frequency heart rate variability; HF HRV) cardiac control were derived. These measures associated with the presentation of each face condition were examined in relation to the subjective status of the perceivers. Participants with high subjective financial status showed reduced sympathetic activity when viewing low- and medium-status targets as compared to high-status targets, and lower parasympathetic response when viewing high- and medium-status targets relative to low-status targets. (C) 2012 Published by Elsevier B.V.
CASE: Chase is a 51/2-year-old boy whom you have followed in your primary care practice since age 26 months. He was born full-term vaginal delivery weighing 6 pounds 15 ounces. His biological mother used heroin, tobacco, and cocaine during pregnancy. From 8 weeks to 18 months, he spent time in a foster home where he was provided limited attention and nurturing. At age 18 months, he entered a loving foster home; at 26 months, he was adopted. There is maternal history of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, learning disability, depression, bipolar disorder, and substance abuse but no history of autism or cognitive disability. Chase received early intervention before adoption. Specific concerns are unknown. At the time of his adoption, he had delays in gross motor and fine motor skills, nonverbal communication, and speech production. Familiar listeners find Chase to be 100% intelligible but unfamiliar listeners understand about 70% of what Chase says. He enjoys being with his adopted mother and imitating her. He has demonstrated significant anxiety during his play therapy. He has difficulty in paying attention to multistep directions. Chase can point and wave but has difficulty following someone's eyes to see where another person is looking. Chase enjoys a variety of interests but has a special fixation on Toy Story characters. Chase does initiate social interactions but can be aggressive toward his siblings and oppositional toward his parents. He is not aggressive at school. Teachers note hyperactivity and impulsivity. Chase is bothered by bright lights and by others making loud noises but has no difficulty with crowds. Chase is reported to have difficulty in transitioning between activities. At his 5-year-old visit, you as well as his mother and therapists note that he has trouble following with his eyes so he is referred to a neuro-ophthalmologist. Evaluation showed Chase was able to fix on and follow objects and light, his peripheral vision was normal, his pupils were equal and reactive without afferent pupillary defect, and normal visual tracking as assessed through pursuit and saccades. There were some head jerking motions observed which were not thought to be part of Chase's attempts to view objects. Gaze impersistence was noted, although it was not clear if this was due to a lack of attention or a true inability to maintain a gaze in the direction instructed. On review of the school's speech and language report, they state that he is >90% intelligible. He has occasional lip trills. Testing with the Clinical Evaluation of Language Fundamentals shows mild delays in receptive language, especially those that require visual attention. Verbal Motor Production Assessment for Children reveals focal oromotor control and sequencing skills that are below average, with groping when asked to imitate single oromotor nonspeech movements and sequenced double oromotor nonspeech movements. At 51/2 years, he returns for follow-up, and he is outgoing and imaginative, eager to play and socialize. He makes eye contact but does not always maintain it. He asks and responds to questions appropriately, and he is able to follow verbal directions and verbal redirection. He is very interested in Toy Story characters but willing to share them and plays with other toys. Chase's speech has predictable, easy to decode sound substitutions. On interview with him, you feel that he has borderline cognitive abilities. He also demonstrates good eye contact but lack of visual gaze maintenance; this is the opposite of the pattern you are accustomed to in patients with autism spectrum disorder. What do you do next?
Mentalization research focuses on different aspects of this topic, highlighting individual differences in mentalizing and proposing programs of intervention for children and adults to increase this ability. The Thought in Mind Project (TiM Project) provides training targeted to adults teachers or parents to increase their mentalization and, consequently, to obtain mentalization improvement in children. The present research aimed to explore for the first time ever the potential of training for teachers based on the TiM Project, regarding the enhancement of mentalizing of an adult who would have interacted as a teacher with children. For this reason, two teachers similar for meta cognitive and meta-emotional skills - and their classes (N = 46) were randomly assigned to the training or control condition. In the first case, the teacher participated in training on the implementation of promotion of mentalizing in everyday school teaching strategies; in the second case the teacher participated in a control activity, similar to training for scheduling and methods, but without promoting the implementation of mentalization (in both conditions two meetings lasting about 3 h at the beginning of the school year and two supervisions during the school year were conducted). The children were tested by tasks assessing several aspects of mentalization (second and third-order false belief understanding, Strange Stories, Reading the mind in the Eyes, Mentalizing Task) both before and after the teacher participate in the TiM or control training (i.e., at the beginning and at the end of the school year). The results showed that, although some measured components of mentalization progressed over time, only the TiM Project training group significantly improved in third order false belief understanding and changed - in a greater way compared to the control group in two of the three components of the Mentalizing Task. These evidences are promising about the idea that the creation of a mentalizing community promotes the mentalization abilities of its members.
Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to present a method for computing voltage spikes endured by the insulation of the first coils of high-temperature (HT degrees) synchronous machines fed by PWM inverters that deliver fast-fronted voltage pulses. Design/methodology/approach - The transient state following each steep edge is computed by SPICE using the global high-frequency (HF) equivalent circuit of the motor winding. This equivalent circuit is automatically built using the proposed elementary coil model. Two inorganic HT degrees technologies are compared: the first one uses a round copper wire insulated by a thin ceramic layer and the second one is made with an anodized aluminum strip. Findings - The winding made with an anodized aluminum strip, which has a higher turn-to-turn capacitance, yields a better voltage distribution between coils of the machine. Research limitations/implications - The elementary coil equivalent circuit is computed from impedance measurements performed on an elementary coil. Another starting point could be developed with an FE analysis to determine the parameters of the HF equivalent circuit, which would avoid the need for a prototype coil before the machine design. Practical implications - For inorganic motors, the insulation layers have poorer electrical characteristics compared with standard organic ones. Therefore, the computation of voltage spikes distribution along the coils of each phase represents a major issue in the design of HT degrees machines. Originality/value - The presented approach is a step toward the design of HT degrees (400-500 degrees C) actuators fed by PWM inverters based on fast SiC electronic switches.
2D cell culture and preclinical animal models have traditionally been implemented for investigating the underlying cellular mechanisms of human disease progression. However, the increasing significance of 3D vs. 2D cell culture has initiated a new era in cell culture research in which 3D in vitro models are emerging as a bridge between traditional 2D cell culture and in vivo animal models. Additive manufacturing (AM, also known as 3D printing), defined as the layer-by-layer fabrication of parts directed by digital information from a 3D computer-aided design file, offers the advantages of simultaneous rapid prototyping and biofunctionalization as well as the precise placement of cells and extracellular matrix with high resolution. In this review, we highlight recent advances in 3D printing of tissue engineered constructs that recapitulate the physical and cellular properties of the tissue microenvironment for investigating mechanisms of disease progression and for screening drugs.
This paper presents the design of a high-performance 14-pole, 12-slot interior permanent magnet synchronous machine with flux barriers inside the stator iron core and fractional-slot concentrated windings. This work focuses on electromagnetic, mechanical and thermal aspects of the machine design. The specific goal of this work was to design an electrical machine, which will have a small size, high power-to-weight ratio, high efficiency, especially at part-load operating points, and high speed capability for traction drive applications. Therefore the unconventional stator design is used. The proposed machine design was compared with the conventional one, concerning the magnetic saturation, spectrum of the magneto-motive force and produced torque. To ensure the high speed capability of the motor, the numerical structural analysis of the rotor is shown. Temperature behavior inside of the designed motor at steady-state operating point is shown.
The Thiem equation of radial groundwater flow to a well is more than 100 years old and is still commonly used. Here, deviations caused by some of its simplifications are quantified by comparing the analytical to a numerical model that allows the implementation of more complex geometries. The assumption of horizontal flow in the Thiem equation, which necessitates uniform inflow over the entire screen length of the fully penetrating well, was found to cause deviations from actual pumping wells where the pump is placed above the screen, resulting in non-uniform inflow and additional drawdown. The same applies to partially penetrating wells, where inflow peaks and additional drawdown occur, especially when the well is screened in the lower part of the aquifer. The use of the Thiem equation in the near-field of a well should thus be restricted to situations where the screen inflow is relatively uniformly distributed, e.g. when it covers large portions of the aquifer thickness. The presence of a gravel pack and a background gradient, on the other hand, are of limited importance.
Cogging torque is a known disadvantage of surface permanent magnet (SPM) machines, especially if equipped with open stator slots. A possible strategy to reduce the cogging torque is to use suitably designed non-isotropic magnetic wedges. The design of such wedges for cogging torque minimization requires a genetic optimization approach. This has been done in previous works using Finite Element Analysis (FEA) simulations to predict the cogging torque for each machine design being explored, leading to a very time consuming optimization process. In this paper, the same optimization is performed using an analytical method to compute the cogging torque. It is shown that the optimization process, based on the analytical formula for cogging torque prediction, leads to the same result as the FEA-based procedure, but with a significant reduction in the computational burden.
Iron loss modeling is crucial for electric machine design. However, current models feature severe drawbacks. They are 1) very complex, and thus, can hardly be applied, 2) require very high effort for measuring and computation, and/or 3) are not very accurate. In this paper, a newmodeling technique is introduced for calculating the instantaneous power loss in ferromagnetic materials without taking the magnetization history into account. A standard measurement setup and specimen shape is used. The considered approach comprises the required measurements, the nonlinear loss modeling by itself, and an extensive verification for different flux density waveforms and frequencies. In addition, a detailed qualitative comparison to well-known iron loss models is given. The presented technique gives very accurate results, while obtaining the model is comparably easy. Moreover, as the calculation of the instantaneous losses is not based on the previous magnetization state of the material, a modeling error for a particular instant of time has no impact on the subsequently calculated characteristics. In the future, this model should ensure a more accurate iron loss calculation for electric machine designs.
Aquatic habitat assessment and river restoration design require geospatially explicit maps of hydraulic conditions. Diverse mechanistic ecohydraulic models compute spatially explicit depth and velocity results to evaluate habitat suitability spatially as a function of these abiotic conditions. This study compared depth and velocity results from two-dimensional (2D) and one-dimensional (1D) hydraulic models with algorithms that laterally discretize 1D velocity and interpolate depth and velocity spatially based on the Laplacian heat mapping approach. These 'conveyance distributed' methods constitute 'best 1D modelling practice' and were compared with 2D results for the first time. The 1D and 2D models were applied to three morphologically distinct reaches (leveed, meandering, and anastomosing) for three flows (base, bankfull, and flood flows) of the partially regulated, gravel/cobble lower Yuba River in north-central California. The test metrics were the coefficient of determination (R-2) and the median absolute residual (vertical bar(epsilon) over tilde vertical bar). These metrics quantified the incremental uncertainty 1D approximation incurs, results which make explicit cost-benefit processes of model selection possible. Finally, velocity residual maps were analysed to identify regions and processes where residuals were high, indicating divergence from the 1D assumptions. Paired data (1D-2D) fell between 0.94 = R-2 = 1.00 (R-mean(2) = 0.98 and R-median(2)= 0.99) for depth and median absolute residuals were all 3.8 <= vertical bar(epsilon) over tilde vertical bar <= 7.2% (i. e. 50% of residuals are approximately within +/- 1.7 to 3.6%). Higher flows and lower gradient reaches had lower residuals and higher R-2. Velocity diverged more, particularly for base flow in anastomosing reaches (0.42< R-2 < 0.58). One-dimensional, conveyance distributed, assumptions performed better for other channel types, where 0.6922.4% (i. e. similar to +/- 4.6 to +/- 11.2%), where vertical bar(epsilon) over tilde vertical bar(mean) = 14.2% and vertical bar(epsilon) over tilde vertical bar(median) = 13% (similar to +/- 7.1 and 6.5%). The conveyance distributed 1D velocity model performed best, where the orthogonal flow assumptions obtained and where side channels did not transition from backwater to conveying area between flows. Copyright (C) 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Flow vectoring by a pair of synthetic jets is suitable for modification of the global flow characteristics with practical applications in active flow control and adaptive heat convection. The interaction of a pair of synthetic jets, with a separation distance s =3.3D, stroke length L-0 = 29D, and Reynolds number Re = 300, are investigated numerically using computational fluid dynamics (CFD) and experimentally using particle image velocimetry (PIV). To achieve the most realistic calculation- of the flow induced by synthetic jets, a full unsteady RANS simulation is performed of the internal flow in two cavities as well as the external jet flow using a dynamic mesh technique. The results for the intricate flow vectoring phenomenon show a reasonable quantitative agreement with PIV measurements, with a maximum deviation from PIV measurements of 14% for stream -wise centreline velocity in 10 < y/D < 20. The effect of phase difference between the pair of jets on the vectoring of the merged jet is investigated for delta phi = 0 degrees, 60 degrees and 130 degrees. The merged jet is vectored in the direction of the cavity that is leading in phase, with a similar trend shown by the experimental and numerical results of instantaneous and time -averaged vortical structures. This leads to a better physical understanding of the fluid mechanics of adjacent synthetic jets, and will enhance the theoretical basis needed to promote their practical application. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Ski jump is one of the most effective structures in energy dissipation over spillways. Spillways have long been of practical importance to safety of dams. The major criteria in hydraulic design are based on the analytical and empirical methods. In the current study, in order to increase chute spillway efficiency, a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm known as the Non-dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II (NSGA-II) has been utilized to design the optimal triangular bucket angle and chute width. In design method, two separate objective functions have been used. In the first objective function, equations of dynamic pressure of the bucket, the jet length after bucket, and the scour depth have been used. The second objective function is related to construction volume of chute spillway. For calibrating the first objective function, characteristics of Karoon III dam have been used as a case study. The difference between design parameters of Karoon III spillway and those from NSGA-II algorithm method is less than 12 percent. According to the results, if the jet length is considered as the most impressive parameter in the first objective function, design of the spillway becomes frugal. (C) 2017 Sharif University of Technology. All rights reserved.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the accuracy of novel software-CMF-preCADS-for the prediction of soft tissue changes following repositioning surgery for zygomatic fractures. Twenty patients who had sustained an isolated zygomatic fracture accompanied by facial deformity and who were treated with repositioning surgery participated in this study. Cone beam computed tomography (CBCT) scans and three-dimensional (3D) stereophotographs were acquired preoperatively and postoperatively. The 3D skeletal model from the preoperative CBCT data was matched with the postoperative one, and the fractured zygomatic fragments were segmented and aligned to the postoperative position for prediction. Then, the predicted model was matched with the postoperative 3D stereophotograph for quantification of the simulation error. The mean absolute error in the zygomatic soft tissue region between the predicted model and the real one was 1.42 +/- 1.56 mm for all cases. The accuracy of the prediction (mean absolute error <= 2 mm) was 87%. In the subjective assessment it was found that the majority of evaluators considered the predicted model and the postoperative model to be 'very similar'. CMF-preCADS software can provide a realistic, accurate prediction of the facial soft tissue appearance after repositioning surgery for zygomatic fractures. The reliability of this software for other types of repositioning surgery for maxillofacial fractures should be validated in the future.
After the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station in March 2011 (Fukushima accident), several investigation committees in Japan issued reports with lessons learned from the accident, including some recommendations on severe accident research. The review of specific severe accident research issues began after the Fukushima accident in the Atomic Energy Society of Japan (AESJ). AESJ has recently developed a new Thermal Hydraulics Safety Evaluation Fundamental Technology Enhancement Strategy Roadmap (TH-RM) for light water reactor safety improvement and development after the Fukushima accident by thoroughly revising the first version of the Roadmap (TH-RM-1) prepared in 2009. The revision was made by considering the lessons learned from the Fukushima accident. At the same time, the Research Expert Committee on Evaluation of Severe Accident, which was established by AESJ in 2012, has published phenomena identification and ranking tables (PIRTs) for both thermal hydraulics and source term issues in severe accidents based on findings from the Fukushima accident utilizing PIRT methodologies. The present paper reviews severe accident research before the Fukushima accident, lessons learned about severe accident research from the Fukushima accident, severe accident research issues reviewed after the Fukushima accident by AESJ, and current severe accident research activities mostly based on the two above-mentioned AESJ reviews after the Fukushima accident in Japan.
Burns caused by hot drinks and soups can be both debilitating and costly, especially to pediatric and geriatric patients. This research is aimed at better understanding the fluid properties that can influence the severity of skin burns. We use a standard model which combines heat transfer and biomedical equations to predict burn severity. In particular, experimental data from a physical model serves as the input to our numerical model to determine the severity of scald burns as a consequence of actual fluid flows. This technique enables us to numerically predict the heat transfer from the hot soup into the skin, without the need to numerically estimate the complex fluid mechanics and thermodynamics of the potentially highly viscous and heterogeneous soup. While the temperature of the soup is obviously is the most important fact in determining the degree of burn, we also find that more viscous fluids result in more severe burns, as the slower flowing thicker fluids remain in contact with the skin for longer. Furthermore, other factors can also increase the severity of burn such as a higher initial fluid temperature, a greater fluid thermal conductivity, or a higher thermal capacity of the fluid. Our combined experimental and numerical investigation finds that for average skin properties a very viscous fluid at 100 degrees C, the fluid must be in contact with the skin for around 15-20 s to cause second degree burns, and more than 80 s to cause a third degree burn. (c) 2015 Elsevier Ltd and ISBI. All rights reserved.
This paper presents a high-speed drive to be used for electrically-assisted turbo charging in an internal combustion engine. The electrification of the turbo-charger system can enhance the performance and reduce the dynamic drawbacks that affect conventional solutions i.e. turbo-lag. However, the design of the electric drive presents some challenges, especially related to the thermally aggressive environment and the high rotational speed. Therefore, a system level design approach needs to be adopted, where all the different sub-systems of the drive are addressed simultaneously. Thus, this paper includes considerations for the thermal and electromagnetic machine design. Furthermore, a voltage source inverter featuring wide-bandgap SiC power devices is described, and a sensorless rotor position detection and digital control is used to drive the machine. Finally, the test setup and preliminary experimental results are presented.
In the present work, detailed simulation using Technology Computer Aided Design (TCAD) tool, Silvaco for non-irradiated and irradiated LGAD (Low Gain Avalanche Detector) devices has been carried out. The effects of different design parameters and proton irradiation on LGAD operation are discussed in detail. An already published effective two trap bulk damage model is used to simulate the radiation damage without implementing any acceptor removal term. The TCAD simulation for irradiated LGAD devices produce decreasing gain with increasing fluence, similar to the measurement results. The space charge density and electric field distribution are used to illustrate the possible reasons for the degradation of gain of the irradiated LGAD devices. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Political and economical changes from the few past years had significant influence over almost all countries economical life. High-developed countries react after these changes in marketing by using high-performance working methods and by raising investments in researching fields. The world competitive manufactures attention in the last years is on the competitive and environment-friendly products development. For that there has been adopted the concept of integrated manufacturing as a strategy, for achieving shorter time to market, reduced development costs, and high quality products. Manufacturing Engineering Department from T U of Cluj-Napoca started in 1994 to introduce this concept in university and in the Romanian industry. This paper presents our steps and achievements in this field of competitive product development.
Biodiversity mapping in African savannah is important for monitoring changes and ensuring sustainable use of ecosystem resources. Biodiversity mapping can benefit from multi-spectral instruments such as WorldView-2 with very high spatial resolution and a spectral configuration encompassing important spectral regions not previously available for vegetation mapping. This study investigated i) the benefits of the eight-band WorldView-2 (WV-2) spectral configuration for discriminating tree species in Southern African savannah and ii) if multiple-images acquired at key points of the typical phenological development of savannahs (peak productivity, transition to senescence) improve on tree species classifications. We first assessed the discriminatory power of WV-2 bands using interspecies-Spectral Angle Mapper (SAM) via Band Add-On procedure and tested the spectral capability of WorldView-2 against simulated IKONOS for tree species classification. The results from interspecies-SAM procedure identified the yellow and red bands as the most statistically significant bands (p = 0.000251 and p = 0.000039 respectively) in the discriminatory power of WV-2 during the transition from wet to dry season (April). Using Random Forest classifier, the classification scenarios investigated showed that i) the 8-bands of the WV-2 sensor achieved higher classification accuracy for the April date (transition from wet to dry season, senescence) compared to the March date (peak productivity season) ii) the WV-2 spectral configuration systematically outperformed the IKONOS sensor spectral configuration and iii) the multi-temporal approach (March and April combined) improved the discrimination of tress species and produced the highest overall accuracy results at 80.4%. Consistent with the interspecies-SAM procedure, the yellow (605 nm) band also showed a statistically significant contribution in the improved classification accuracy from WV-2. These results highlight the mapping opportunities presented by WV-2 data for monitoring the distribution status of e.g. species often harvested by local communities (e.g. Sclerocharya birrea), encroaching species, or species-specific tree losses induced by elephants. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Background: Liao River basin in Jilin Province is the place of origin of the Dongliao River. This study gives a comprehensive analysis of the vegetation coverage in the region and provides a potential theoretical basis for ecological restoration. Methods: The seasonal variation of vegetation greenness and dynamics based on the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) in major land cover types in the region was studied. Analyzing the relationship NDVI, temperature and rainfall, we derived a set of predictor variables from 2001 to 2012 using the MODIS Terra level 1 Product (MOD02QKM). Results: The results showed a general increasing trend in NDVI value in the region, while 34.63 % of the region showed degradation. NDVI values begin to rise from April when plants are regreening and they drop in September when temperature are decreasing and the leaves are falling in the study area and temperature was found decreasing during the period of 2001-2012 while rainfall showed an increasing trend. This model could be used to observe the change in vegetation greenness and the dynamic effects of temperature and rainfall. Conclusion: This study provided important data for the environmental protection of the basin area. And we hope to provide scientific analysis for controlling water and soil erosion, maintaining the sustainable productivity of land resources, enhancing the treatment of water pollution and stimulating the virtuous cycle of the ecological system.
In this paper, we propose the use of energy load profiles to learn human activities. An energy load profile determines the energy consumption of an appliance during a specific interval of time. We propose the use of clustering techniques to group the different profiles according to their temporal consumption. Both Hard and Soft clustering techniques are evaluated. We have tested the method with data from REMODECE (Residential Monitoring to Decrease Energy Use and Carbon Emissions in Europe) 1 database.
This paper presents the results of triaxial tests conducted for the investigation of the influence of geotextiles on stress-strain and volumetric change behaviour of reinforced sandy soil. Tests were carried out on loose sandy soil. The experimental program includes drained compression tests on samples reinforced with different values of both geotextiles layers (Ng) and confining pressure (sigma'(c)). Two methods of preparation were used: air pluviation (AP) and moist tamping (MT). Test results show that the geotextiles induce a quasi-linear increase in the stress deviator (q) and volume contraction in the reinforced sand. Method of preparation significantly affects the shear strength; samples prepared by the air pluviation method and mobilized deviator stresses are significantly higher than those prepared by moist tamping method. Geotextiles restrict the dilation of reinforced sandy soil and consequently the contraction increases. The mobilized friction angle increases with increasing number of layers and decreases with increasing initial confining pressure. Samples prepared by moist tamping present mobilized friction angles significantly lower than those prepared by air pluviation method. For samples prepared by the air pluviation method, the secant modulus at epsilon(1)=1% and 5% decreases with increasing geotextile layers; those prepared by the moist tamping method, secant modulus at epsilon(1)=1% and 5% increases with increasing number of geotextile layer sand confining pressure. From 10% axial strain, secant modulus increases with increasing inclusions of geotextile layers.
The geochemical compositions of sediments in the Dongshan Bay, a semi-enclosed bay on the southeast coast of China, were obtained to identify pollutant sources and evaluate the anthropogenic impacts over the last 100 years. The results indicated that the metal flux had been increasing since the 1980s. Enrichment factor values (Pb, Zn and Cu) suggested only slight enrichment. The proportion of anthropogenic Pb changed from 9% to 15% during 2000-2014. Coal combustion might be an important contamination source in the Dongshan Bay. The historical variation in the metal flux reflected the economic development and urbanization in the Zhangjiang drainage area in the past 30 years. According to the Landsat satellite remote sensing data, the urbanization area expanded approximately three times from 1995 to 2010. The delta C-13 values (-21%o to 23%o) of the organic matter (OM) in the sediments indicated that the OM was primarily sourced from aquatic, terrigenous and marsh C-3 plants. Nitrogen was mainly derived from aquatic plants and terrigenous erosion before the 1980s. However, the total organic carbon (TOC) contents, total nitrogen (TN) contents and delta N-15 had been increasing since the 1980s, which suggested that the sources of nitrogen were soil erosion, fertilizer and sewage. In addition, the TOC and TN fluxes in the Dongshan Bay had significantly increased since the 1980s, which reflected the use of N fertilizer. However, the TOC and TN fluxes significantly decreased in the past decade because environmental awareness increased and environmental protection policies were implemented. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
There is a growing interest of the scientific community on production of activated carbon using biochar as potential sustainable precursors pyrolyzed from biomass wastes. Physical activation and chemical activation are the main methods applied in the activation process. These methods could have significantly beneficial effects on biochar chemical/physical properties, which make it suitable for multiple applications including water pollution treatment, CO2 capture, and energy storage. The feedstock with different compositions, pyrolysis conditions and activation parameters of biochar have significant influences on the properties of resultant activated carbon. Compared with traditional activated carbon, activated biochar appears to be a new potential cost-effective and environmentally-friendly carbon materials with great application prospect in many fields. This review not only summarizes information from the current analysis of activated biochar and their multiple applications for further optimization and understanding, but also offers new directions for development of activated biochar. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Different aspects related to rainwater demand and supplies for non-potable uses at Sao Paulo International Airport, in Guarulhos, Brazil were analyzed. For this, it was investigated different demand stratum and defined the intended uses. Subsequently, the supply and reservoir volume were evaluated. The daily balance for one year was evaluated for distinct scenarios, considering different arbitrated volumes and demands. The results indicated that rainwater could supply 44% of the airport's cold water central (air conditioning system) demand. Considering the maximum daily demand identified (118 m(3).dia(-1)) and the higher water cost scenario, reservoir volumes from 500 to 3,732 m(3) presented efficiencies close to 60% and payback between 3.5 and 7.5 years. For the lower water cost scenario, volumes from 500 to 1,700 m(3) showed payback between 7 and 10 years, also considering the maximum daily demand.
The Internet of Things (IoT) makes smart objects the ultimate building blocks in the development of cyber-physical smart pervasive frameworks. The IoT has a variety of application domains, including health care. The IoT revolution is redesigning modern health care with promising technological, economic, and social prospects. This paper surveys advances in IoT-based health care technologies and reviews the state-of-the-art network architectures/platforms, applications, and industrial trends in IoT-based health care solutions. In addition, this paper analyzes distinct IoT security and privacy features, including security requirements, threat models, and attack taxonomies from the health care perspective. Further, this paper proposes an intelligent collaborative security model to minimize security risk; discusses how different innovations such as big data, ambient intelligence, and wearables can be leveraged in a health care context; addresses various IoT and eHealth policies and regulations across the world to determine how they can facilitate economies and societies in terms of sustainable development; and provides some avenues for future research on IoT-based health care based on a set of open issues and challenges.
In order to more fully understand the specific hydrodynamic relationship between young wind-generated gravity-capillary waves and longer gravity waves, a laboratory experiment was devised to observe changes in short wave spectral behavior over the phase of a long wave. This paper endeavors to expand on the body of laboratory wave modulation data and extend the investigation in support of the radar remote sensing of ocean surface waves. Measurements were made in the University of Miami's surge-structure-atmosphere interaction facility in the air-sea interaction saltwater tank wind-wave tank, with 10 m referenced wind speeds ranging between 5 and 23 m/s and paddle-generated wave steepnesses ak varying between 0.05 < ak < 0.3. A polarimetric camera was used to capture high sampling frequency maps of wave slope, yielding spatiotemporal information about short wind-wave behavior [provided as temporal variations in the wavenumber spectrum, where k approximate to (sic)(100-1000) rad/m]. The simultaneous and colocated long wave phase was measured via a side-looking camera. Hydrodynamic modulation transfer function (MTF) phases are found to be in general agreement with established values (between 2 and 10 radians) at the given wind speeds. The positive phase of the modulation places it immediately downwind of the long wave crest, with MTF magnitudes strongest for high wavenumbers at the lowest wind speeds. The results are also presented to show the modulation of gravity-capillary and pure capillary waves as variations in mean square slope over the long wave phase, with peak roughness enhancement found to move upwind of the long wave crest with increasing wind forcing.
It is urgent to effectively mitigate flood disasters in humid mountainous areas in southeastern China for the increasing flood risk under urbanization and industrialization. In this study, a rural district with an area of 13.39 km(2) that planning to build an industrial park covering an area of 7.98 km(2) in Changting was selected to estimate the potential of collectable rainwater and the extent to which runoff volume can potentially be mitigated by rainwater harvesting. In addition, the optimum cistern capacity of a rainwater harvesting system in the planned industrial park was evaluated using daily water balance simulation and cost-efficiency analysis. The results showed that rainwater harvesting in the planned industrial park has great potential. The annually collectable rainwater is approximately 9.8 x 10(6) m(3) and the optimum cistern capacity is determined to be 0.9 x 10(6) m(3). With the optimum cistern capacity, the annual rainwater usage rate is 0.99, showing neither financial savings nor deficits. Rainwater harvesting can reduce 100 % of runoff volume in the cases of critical rainfall storm (50 mm) and annual average maximum daily rainfall (111.2 mm), and 58 % of runoff volume in the case of maximum daily rainfall (233.6 mm), respectively. All surface runoff can be collected and stored in the cisterns when rainfall amount is less than 135.5 mm in a rainstorm event.
Smart environments SmE are a growing combination of various computing frameworks (ubiquitous, pervasive etc.), devices, control algorithms, and a complex web of interactions. It is at the core of user facilitation in a number of industrial, domestic, and public areas. On the basis of their application areas, SmE may be critical in terms of correctness, reliability, safety, security, etc. To achieve error-free and requirement-compliant implementation, these systems are designed by resorting to various modeling approaches including ontology and statecharts. This paper attempts to consider correctness, reliability, safety, and security in the design process of SmE and their related components by proposing a design time modeling and formal verification methodology. The proposed methodology covers various design features related to modeling and formal verification of SmE (focusing on users, devices, environment, control algorithms, and their interaction) against the set of the requirements through model checking. A realistic case study of a Bank Door Security Booth System (BDSB) is tested. The results show the successful verification of the properties related to the safety, security, and desired reliable behavior of BDSB. Copyright (C) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
One of the main problems of Ambient Intelligence systems is that developers have to design and implement different user interfaces for each combination of user and environmental characteristics. This paper deals with alleviating this problem through the implementation of a UI development framework, called Dandelion, which postpones until run-time the implementation of the UI for a specific scenario. In particular, we address the autonomous evaluation of the adequateness of interaction devices for the scenario in order to facilitate the final automatic generation of an adapted UI.
Lufft's CHM 15k Nimbus ceilometer and a collocated Cimel sunphotometer were used, in tandem with satellite data, to observe the transport of atmospheric aerosols over Raciborz, Poland, during an exceptionally warm month of August 2015. Two distinct periods are identified: increased aerosol optical thickness (AOT) values, exceeding 0.65, during August 6 to 13 concurrent with the planetary boundary layer elevated up to similar to 2.5 km and thin aerosol layers up to 7 km above ground visible from August 25 to 27. A newly developed scheme for backward air mass trajectory analysis is employed. The scheme utilizes satellite data on thermal anomalies as well as multiangle imaging of aerosol clouds. The obtained retrievals provide evidence that aerosols of biomass burning type were present during the first period, originating from a strong episode of wildfires in Ukraine. Moreover, satellite AOT data from the MODIS instrument show that a significant part of the observed aerosol was accumulated during transport between the region of intense biomass burning and the receptor, Raciborz. The same analysis scheme suggests that a long-range transport of biomass burning products from the United States was a source of the layers observed during the second period. (C) The Authors. Published by SPIE
Every year smaller, cheaper and more precise technologies for ambient intelligence are emerging. One of them has been particularly gaining a lot of traction in the past few year. Indeed, due to their low cost and long battery life, the so-called Bluetooth beacons are being used for a wide range of applications including indoor localization of human. Our team has been using them to gather statistics about room occupancy in health monitoring. In this paper, we consider the beacons signals as time series and we define a new spatial feature that generalize across any configuration (floor plan, beacons number, etc.). The feature is used to distinguish positioning information from the resident. The results of leave-one-out experiments with various floor plans shows promising results.
Natural interaction refers to people interacting with technology as they are used to interact with the real world in everyday life, through gestures, expressions, movements, etc., and discovering the world by looking around and manipulating physical objects [16]. In the domain of cultural heritage research has been conducted in a number of directions including (a) Personalised Information in Museums, (b) Interactive Exhibits, (c) Interactive Games Installations in Museums, (d) Museum Mobile Applications, (e) Museums presence on the Web and (f) Museum Social Applications. Most museums target family groups and organize family-oriented events in their programs but how families choose to visit particular museums in response to their leisure needs has rarely been highlighted. This work exploits the possibility of extending the usage of AmI technology, and thus the user experience, within leisure spaces provided by museums such as cafeterias. The Museum Coffee Table is an augmented physical surface where physical objects can be used for accessing information about artists and their creations. At the same entertainment for children is facilitated through the integration of popular games on the surface. As a result, the entire family can seat around the table, drink coffee and complete their visit to the museum acquiring additional knowledge and playing games.
In this study the authors report the first example of spinal pseudarthrosis in a patient with ochronosis, and they describe the application of posterior-only 360 surgery as an alternative approach to combined anterior-posterior surgery in the management of pseudarthrosis of an ankylosed spine, regardless of its etiology. Spinal involvement in ochronosis produces loss of flexibility and ankylosis of thoracic and lumbar segments. Pseudarthrosis is a serious complication of the diseases that present with ankylosis of the spine. However, its occurrence in ochronotic spine has not been reported previously. Evaluation of progressive paraparesis in a 68-year-old man with ochronosis revealed pseudarthrosis at the T11-12 level. Circumferential dural sac decompression, debridement of the disc space, interbody fusion, and screw-rod fixation were all done via a posterior-only approach. Postoperatively the patient exhibited a marked recovery in terms of pain and neurological status. At the 3-month follow-up, he was able to walk independently. Ochronosis should be included in the etiology of pseudarthrosis. With aggravation of back pain and the appearance of neurological deficits in an already stable patient with any ankylosing disease, pseudarthrosis should be suspected. Furthermore, single-stage, 360, posterior-only surgery may obviate the need for single-stage or staged anterior-posterior surgical intervention in patients with pseudarthrosis of the thoracic and lumbar spine.
Introduction: There are scarce studies of time series that analysed the short-term association between emergency hospital admissions due to Alzheimer's disease (AD) and environmental factors. The objective is to analyse the effect of heat waves, noise and air pollutants on urgent hospital admissions due to AD in Madrid. Methods: Longitudinal ecological time series study was performed. The dependent variable was the emergency AD hospital admissions occurred in Madrid during the period 2001-2009. Independent variables were: Daily mean concentrations (mu g/m(3)) of air pollutants (PM2.5 and PM10; O3 and NO2); maximum daily temperature (degrees C) and daily and night noise levels (dB(A)). Relative Risk (RR) for an increment in interquartile range, and Attributable Risk (AR) values were calculated through GLM with Poisson link. Results: Our findings indicated that only PM2.5 concentrations at lag 2 with a RR: 1.38 (95% CI: 1.15-1.65); AR 27.5% (95% CI: 13.0-39.4); and heat wave days at lag 3 with a RR: 1.30 (95% CI: 1.12-1.52); AR 23.1% (95% CI: 10.7-34.2) were associated with AD hospital admissions. Conclusion: A reduction in AD patients' exposure levels to PM2.5 and special care of such patients during heat wave periods could result in a decrease in both emergency AD admissions and the related health care costs. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The primary aim was to determine the efficacy of the Distress Thermometer (DT) in screening for anxiety and mood problems against the University of Washington Quality of Life, version 4 (UWQOL). Secondary aims were to evaluate the association between demographic, clinical and health-related QOL variables with significant distress. Two hundred and sixty one disease-free HNC ambulatory patients attending routine follow-up clinics were prospectively recruited. Both DT and UWQOL were completed pre-consultation. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analyses of DT score for anxiety dysfunction yielded an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.877, with a sensitivity of 84% (43/51) and specificity of 76% (159/210) for a DT cut-off of ae4; with a corresponding AUC of 0.825 for mood with sensitivity 78% (28/36) and specificity 71% (159/225). Treatment with radiotherapy and a longer consultation time were associated with significant distress (DT ae4). Significant distress was also reported in two third of those reporting less than Good overall QOL. Distress levels were particularly associated with poor Social-Emotional function, more so than the association seen with poor physical function. DT is a reasonable screening tool for distress in the HNC population. The DT cut-off score ae4 was effective in identifying those with significant distress. Significant distress is associated in survivors with poor health-related quality of life, those who received radiotherapy and patients who have longer consultation times in clinic.
Objective Both the innate and the adaptive immune responses contribute to the onset of chronic inflammation in spondyloarthritis (SpA). The association between SpA and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD, enteropathic SpA-ESpA) has been largely established and suggests a shared pathophysiology. There is evidence that innate lymphoid cells (ILC) are involved in the pathogenesis of both SpA and IBD while no evidence has been reported to date on ESpA. We aimed to analyse for the first time the frequency and cytokine expression of ILC in peripheral blood from ESpA patients compared with both IBD and healthy subjects. Correlations between immunophenotyping and disease activity were also explored. Methods ESpA patients (n=20) were prospectively enrolled. Healthy controls (HC, n=10) and IBD patients (n=10) served as control groups. Peripheral blood Interferon (IFN)-gamma and interleukin (IL)-17 expressing T and non-T cells as well as ILC subsets (ILC-1: IFN- gamma +; ILC-3: IL-17+; natural killer-NK) were characterised by flowcytometry. Correlations between IL-17+ cells and SpA disease activity were analysed. Results ESpA patients showed higher levels of ROR-gamma expressing non T-cells with the respect to the controls. IL-17 producing non-T cells were higher than the HC and positively correlated with IFN-gamma expressing cells levels as well as with SpA disease activity. ESpA showed higher levels of ILC-1 and ILC-3 than both IBD and HC. IFN-gamma expressing NK cells were higher in ESpA than HC. Conclusion Our preliminary findings indicate that peripheral blood of ESpA patients is enriched for IL-17 expressing ILC which distinguishes the blood compartment from both IBD and HC. The increased IL-17 production by ILC indicates a novel role for ILC in ESpA.
Background: Pain may be reported in one-half to three-fourths of children with cancer and other terminal conditions and anxiety in about one-third of them. Pharmacologic methods do not always give satisfactory symptom relief. Complementary therapies such as Reiki may help children manage symptoms. Objective: This pre-post mixed-methods single group pilot study examined feasibility, acceptability, and the outcomes of pain, anxiety, and relaxation using Reiki therapy with children receiving palliative care. Methods: A convenience sample of children ages 7 to 16 and their parents were recruited from a palliative care service. Two 24-minute Reiki sessions were completed at the children's home. Paired t tests or Wilcoxon signed-rank tests were calculated to compare change from pre to post for outcome variables. Significance was set at P < .10. Cohen d effect sizes were calculated. Results: The final sample included 8 verbal and 8 nonverbal children, 16 mothers, and 1 nurse. All mean scores for outcome variables decreased from pre- to posttreatment for both sessions. Significant decreases for pain for treatment 1 in nonverbal children (P = .063) and for respiratory rate for treatment 2 in verbal children (P = .009). Cohen d effect sizes were medium to large for most outcome measures. Discussion: Decreased mean scores for outcome measures indicate that Reiki therapy did decrease pain, anxiety, heart, and respiratory rates, but small sample size deterred statistical significance. This preliminary work suggests that complementary methods of treatment such as Reiki may be beneficial to support traditional methods to manage pain and anxiety in children receiving palliative care.
Background and AimsScreening, brief intervention and referral to treatment' programs have been promoted widely as US federal policy. Little is known about the efficacy of the RT component (referral to treatment) of brief intervention for motivating patients with unhealthy drug use identified by screening to use addiction treatment. This study aimed to compare receipt of addiction treatment following two types of brief intervention for drug use versus a no-intervention control group among primary care patients screening positive for drug use. DesignSecondary analyses from a single-site randomized controlled trial. SettingMassachusetts, USA. ParticipantsA total of 528 adults with Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test (ASSIST) drug-specific scores 4. InterventionsRandom assignment to: (1) a 10-15-minute brief negotiated interview (BNI) conducted by health educators (n=174), (2) a 30-45-minute adaptation of motivational interviewing by Masters-level counselors (MOTIV) (n=177) or (3) no BI (n=177). All received a list of treatment and mutual help resources; both intervention protocols included dedicated staff for treatment referrals. MeasurementsReceipt of any addiction treatment within 6months after study entry, assessed in a state-wide database and hospital electronic medical record linked to trial data. FindingsAmong 528 participants, the main drugs used were marijuana (63%), cocaine (19%) and opioids (17%); 46% met past-year drug dependence criteria (short form Composite International Diagnostic Interview); and 10% of MOTIV, 18% of BNI and 17% of control participants had any addiction treatment receipt within 6months after study entry. There was no significant difference in addiction treatment receipt for BNI versus control [adjusted odds ratio (AOR)=1.11; 95% confidence interval (CI)=0.57, 2.15, Hochberg adjusted P=0.76]. The MOTIV group had lower odds of linking to treatment (AOR=0.36, 95% CI=0.17, 0.78, Hochberg adjusted P=0.02) compared with the no BI group. ConclusionBrief intervention delivered in primary care for screen-identified drug use did not increase addiction treatment receipt significantly; a motivational interviewing approach appeared to be counterproductive.
Background and aimsSubstance use disorders are associated commonly with comorbid physical illness. There are fewer data on dental disease in these conditions, in spite of high rates of dry mouth (xerostomia), as well as the associated indirect or life-style effects such as poverty and lack of access to care. We compared the oral health of people with substance use disorders (SUDs) with non-using controls. MethodThis was a systematic search for studies from the last 35years of the oral health of people reporting SUDs. We used MEDLINE, PsycInfo, OVID, Google Scholar, EMBASE and article bibliographies. Results were compared with the general population. Oral health was assessed in terms of dental caries and periodontal disease using the following standardized measures: the mean number of decayed, missing and filled teeth (DMFT) or surfaces (DMFS) and probing pocket depth. Non-carious tooth loss was assessed clinically. ResultsWe identified 28 studies that had sufficient data for a meta-analysis, comprising 4086 SU patients and 28031 controls. People with SUD had significantly higher mean scores for DMFT [mean difference=5.15, 95% confidence interval (CI)=2.61-7.69 and DMFS (mean difference=17.83, 95% CI=6.85-28.8]. They had more decayed teeth but fewer restorations, indicating reduced access to dental care. Patients with SUD also exhibited greater tooth loss, non-carious tooth loss and destructive periodontal disease compared to controls. ConclusionPatients with substance use disorders have greater and more severe dental caries and periodontal disease than the general population, but are less likely to have received dental care.
Background: Surgical interventions are commonly advocated for correcting kyphotic deformities and relieving severe back pain in ankylosing spondylitis (AS) patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical outcome of osteotomy performed through the gap of a pathological fracture for the treatment of kyphosis in ankylosing spondylitis and to introduce the key points of this novel surgical approach. Methods: From January 1, 2010, to December 31, 2014, 13 consecutive AS patients who were treated with osteotomy through the fracture gap were retrospectively reviewed. Patients underwent the radiographic assessment of sagittal balance parameters. Visual analog scale (VAS) scores were used to assess improvement in back pain. Results: The average follow-up time was 2 years and 1 month. The median operation time was 280 min (range, 220-460 min). The mean blood loss was 1100 mL (range, 820-1300 mL). No major acute complications such as death or complete paralysis occurred. There were no neurologic complications or cerebrospinal fluid leaks in any patient. One patient had postoperative wound infection, which subsided after a switch of antibiotics. The global kyphosis Cobb angle of patients decreased from the preoperative 55.8 degrees +/- 11.0 degrees to 23.2 degrees +/- 6.7 degrees (P < 0.001) after surgery. The C7 plumb line was used to assess global balance; its relationship with the posterosuperior corner of the sacrum decreased from 166 +/- 37 mm to 111 +/- 20 mm (P < 0.001). The thoracolumbar kyphosis Cobb angle decreased from 51.0 degrees +/- 9.9 degrees to 21.6 degrees +/- 11.0 degrees (P < 0.001). VAS scores for back pain decreased from 7.2 +/- 1.2 to 2.1 +/- 1.1 (P < 0.001). Lumbar lordosis increased from 5.7 degrees +/- 23.2 degrees to 10.5 degrees +/- 29.2 degrees (P = 0.001). Conclusions: Osteotomy through the pathological fracture gap is a safe and effective surgical procedure for kyphosis correction and improvement of back pain in AS patients with pathological fractures. A significant kyphosis correction and improvement of back pain can be achieved with this surgical procedure.
One of the hypotheses about the pathogenesis of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is the dysfunction of serotonin (5-HT) neurotransmission. While certain 5-HT receptor subtypes are likely critical for the symptoms of PTSD, few studies have examined the role of 5-HT3 receptor in the development of PTSD, even though 5-HT3 receptor is critical for contextual fear extinction and anxiety-like behavior. Therefore, we hypothesized that stimulation of 5-HT3 receptor in the dorsal hippocampus (DH) could prevent hippocampal autophagy and the development of PTSD-like behavior in animals. To this end, we infused SR57227, selective 5-HT3 agonist, into the DH after a single prolonged stress (SPS) treatment in rats. Three weeks later, we evaluated the effects of this pharmacological treatment on anxiety-related behaviors and extinction of contextual fear memory. We also accessed hippocampal autophagy and the expression of 5-HT3A subunit, Beclin-1, LC3-I, and LC3-II in the DH. We found that SPS treatment did not alter anxiety-related behaviors but prolonged the extinction of contextual fear memory, and such a behavioral phenomenon was correlated with increased hippocampal autophagy, decreased 5-HT3A expression, and increased expression of Beclin-1 and LC3-II/LC3-I ratio in the DH. Furthermore, intraDH infusions of SR57227 dose-dependently promoted the extinction of contextual fear memory, prevented hippocampal autophagy, and decreased expression of Beclin-1 and LC3-II/LC3-I ratio in the DH. These results indicated that 5-HT3 receptor in the hippocampus may play a critical role in the pathogenesis of hippocampal autophagy, and is likely involved in the pathophysiology of PTSD.
We sought to validate and extend the findings of a 282 psoriatic arthritis patient cohort from Dublin using a 219 patient cohort from Bath. The central finding of this study was that several structurally unrelated HLA alleles, including B*08:01:01, B*18:01:01, B*27:05:02, B*55:01:01 and C*06:02:01, were found to be significantly associated with particular phenotypic features of psoriatic arthritis, implying that the clinical diagnosis of psoriatic arthritis designates a genetically heterogeneous subset of individuals. Radiographic sacroiliitis was associated with either B*08:01:01, or B*27:05:02 with implications about the role of MHC molecules in an adaptive immune response. There are also implications for psoriatic arthritis diagnostic criteria since some disease features used in the criteria are under genetic control. These findings have important implications for understanding the role of MHC alleles in directing the adaptive immune response to mediate the inflammation responsible for psoriatic arthritis. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Developmental lead (Pb) exposure is suggested in laboratory studies to be a trigger for neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease (AD). Sortilin-related receptor, L (DLR class) A repeats-containing (SORL1) is a recently identified AD genetic risk factor. SORL1 has limited characterization in vertebrate models in comparison to other AD genetic risk factors. To characterize SORL1 further, protein sequence homology between humans, mice and zebrafish was analyzed and showed conservation of functional repeats and domain orientation. Next, spatial expression of sorl1 in zebrafish larvae was completed and diffuse expression in neural tissue that was not restricted to the brain was observed. Influences of sex and age on quantitative expression of sorl1 in the brain of adult zebrafish were then assessed. Sex-specific alteration of sorl1 expression transpired during the aging process in females. The zebrafish was then utilized to investigate the impacts of a 100ppb embryonic Pb exposure on sorl1 expression and other known AD genetic risk factors. Sex-specific quantitative gene expression analysis was completed with adult zebrafish brain to compare those developmentally exposed to Pb or a control treatment, but no significant difference in sorl1 expression or other AD genetic risk factors was observed. Overall, this study provided characterization of sorl1 with changes in brain expression during aging being female-specific. This finding is in agreement with females being more prone to the onset of AD, but analysis of additional AD genetic risk factors is needed to facilitate our understanding of the impact of a 100ppb embryonic Pb exposure. Copyright (c) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
W. Horsley Gantt and Joseph V. Brady laid a rich foundation for understanding the concept of emotion, derived from 2 prominent traditions of physiology and psychology: classic conditioning and operant conditioning, respectively. This framework guided my fierce interest in motivation in general and the interaction between reward and stress, which began at John Hopkins with my thesis work under the guidance of Drs. Zoltan Annau, Solomon Synder, and Joseph Brady, among many others. Using the study of the neurobiology of addiction as a framework, I argue that drug addiction not only involves positive reinforcement associated with the rewarding effects of drugs of abuse but also involves another major source of reinforcement, specifically negative reinforcement driven by negative emotional states (termed the dark side of addiction). Excessive activation of the brain reward systems leads to antireward or a decrease in the function of normal reward-related neurocircuitry and persistent recruitment of the brain stress systems, both of which may be neurobiologically linked. Understanding the neuroplasticity of the neurocircuitry that comprises the negative reinforcement associated with addiction is a key to understanding negative emotional states in general and their pathophysiology.
A history of ever-smoking appears to be associated with a more severe disease phenotype in axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA). However, evidence is sparse for the effect of increased smoking exposure on disease outcomes or whether smoking reduction or cessation improves outcomes. The aim of this study was to explore whether a dose-response relationship exists between pack-years and disease activity and functional impairment in axSpA. Consecutive patients meeting ASAS criteria for axial SpA were recruited from a spondyloarthritis service. The associations between pack-years of smoking and: (1) disease activity (BASDAI/ASDAS), (2) spinal pain, (3) functional impairment (BASFI) and (4) inflammatory markers were explored using multivariable linear models, adjusted for age, gender and use of TNF inhibition (TNFi) therapy. Pack-years were categorised into four groups (40) and analysed with light smoking (40, beta = 2.6 (0.54, 3.56)), higher BASFI (21-40, beta = 2.1 (0.42, 4.80); >40, beta = 3.2 (0.76, 5.71)), and higher ASDAS (21-40, beta = 0.82 (0.14, 1.51)). This cross-sectional study demonstrated that smoking is associated with increased axSpA severity markers in a dose-response manner. Particular effort should be made to restrict smoking exposure early before accruing a significant number of pack-years.
Objective. To assess body composition of patients with inflammatory rheumatic disease and the effect of TNF inhibitors on it. Methods. This was systematic review with meta-analysis of studies consulted on PubMed, Cochrane Library and EMBASE and assessing body composition in patients with rheumatoid arthritis or spondyloarthritis. We compared i) patients with healthy controls and ii) body components before and after TNF inhibitors. Results. Among the 703 articles reviewed, 19 met the inclusion criteria. In patients with rheumatoid arthritis, a significant increase in fat mass (+1.85 kg, p=0.02), adiposity (+3.53%, p<0.00001) and android mass (+1.7 kg, p<0.00001) and a significant decrease in lean mass (-3.03 kg, p=0.01), were observed. In patients with spondyloarthritis, a significant but modest increase in fat mass (+0.69 kg, p=0.03) and a significant decrease in lean mass (-3.74 kg, p=0.03) were observed. Nine studies assessed impact of TNF inhibitors on body composition, with an increase of fat mass in the short and long term in all studies. Data on lean mass were controversial. Two studies found an increase in visceral or android mass under TNF inhibitors. Conclusion. Patients with inflammatory rheumatic disease have a significant decrease in lean mass and increase in fat mass. The use of TNF inhibitors is associated with a further increase in fat mass including android fat, which could potentially have cardiovascular consequences.
Glutamatergic projections to nucleus accumbens (NAc) drive drug-seeking behaviors during opioids withdrawal. Modulating glutamatergic neurotransmission provides a novel pharmacotherapeutic avenue for treatment of opioids dependence. Great deals of researches have verified that transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 (TRPV1) channels alters synaptic transmitter release and regulate neural plasticity. In the present study, whole-cell patch clamp recordings were adopted to examine the activity of TRPV1 Channels in regulating glutamate-mediated excitatory postsynaptic currents (EPSCs) in NAc of rat during morphine withdrawal for 3 days and 3 weeks. The data showed that the frequency of spontaneous excitatory postsynaptic currents (sEPSCs) and the amplitudes of evoked excitatory postsynaptic currents (eEPSCs) were increased during morphine withdrawal after applied with capsaicin (TRPV1 agonist). Capsaicin decreased the paired pulse ratio (PPR) and increased sEPSCs frequency but not their amplitudes suggesting a presynaptic locus of action during morphine withdrawal. All these effects were fully blocked by the TRPV1 antagonist Capsazepine. Additionally, In the presence of AM251 (CB1 receptor antagonist), depolarization-induced release of endogenous cannabinoids activated TRPV1 channels to enhance glutamatergic neurotransmission during morphine withdrawal. The functional enhancement of TRPV1 Channels in facilitating glutamatergic transmission was not recorded in dorsal striatum. Our findings demonstrate the ability of TRPV1 in regulating excitatory glutamatergic transmission is enhanced during morphine withdrawal in NAc, which would deepen our understanding of glutamatergic modulation during opioids withdrawal. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Glomerular visceral epithelial cells (podocytes) play a critical role in the maintenance of glomerular permselectivity. Podocyte injury, manifesting as proteinuria, is the cause of many glomerular diseases. We reported previously that calcium-independent phospholipase A(2) (iPLA(2)) is cytoprotective against complement-mediated glomerular epithelial cell injury. Studies in iPLA(2) KO mice have demonstrated an important role for iPLA(2) in mitochondrial lipid turnover, membrane structure, and metabolism. The aim of the present study was to employ iPLA(2) KO mice to better understand the role of iPLA(2) in normal glomerular and podocyte function as well as in glomerular injury. We show that deletion of iPLA(2) did not cause detectable albuminuria; however, it resulted in mitochondrial structural abnormalities and enhanced autophagy in podocytes as well as loss of podocytes in aging KO mice. Moreover, after induction of anti-glomerular basement membrane nephritis in young mice, iPLA(2) KO mice exhibited significantly increased levels of albuminuria, podocyte injury, and loss of podocytes compared with wild type. Thus, iPLA(2) has a protective functional role in the normal glomerulus and in glomerulonephritis. Understanding the role of iPLA(2) in glomerular pathophysiology provides opportunities for the development of novel therapeutic approaches to glomerular injury and proteinuria.
On evolutionary timescales, sea level oscillations lead to recurrent spatio-temporal variation in species distribution and population connectivity. In this situation, applying classical concepts of biogeography is challenging yet necessary to understand the mechanisms underlying biodiversity in highly diverse marine ecosystems such as coral reefs. We aimed at studying the outcomes of such complex biogeographic dynamics on reproductive isolation by sampling populations across a wide spatial range of a species-rich fish genus: the sergeants (Pomacentridae: Abudefduf). We generated a mutlilocus data set that included ten morpho-species from 32 Indo-West Pacific localities. We observed a pattern of mito-nuclear discordance in two common and widely distributed species: Abudefduf sexfasciatus and Abudefduf vaigiensis. The results showed three regional sublineages (Indian Ocean, Coral Triangle region, western Pacific) in A. sexfasciatus (0.6-1.5% divergence at cytb). The other species, A. vaigiensis, is polyphyletic and consists of three distinct genetic lineages (A, B and C) (9% divergence at cytb) whose geographic ranges overlap. Although A. vaigiensis A and A. sexfasciatus were found to be distinct based on nuclear information, A. vaigiensis A was found to be nested within A. sexfasciatus in the mitochondrial gene tree. A. sexfasciatus from the Coral Triangle region and A. vaigiensis A were not differentiated from each other at the mitochondrial locus. We then used coalescent-based simulation to characterize a spatially widespread but weak gene flow between the two species. We showed that these fishes are good candidates to investigate the evolutionary complexity of the discrepancies between phenotypic and genetic similarity in closely related species.
Extra virgin olive oil, the primary source of oil in the Mediterranean diet, differs significantly in composition from dietary lipids that are consumed by other populations. The several minor constituents of virgin olive oil include vitamins such as alpha- and gamma-tocopherols (around 200 ppm) and beta-carotene, phytosterols, pigments, terpenic acids, flavonoids, squalene, and a number of phenolic compounds, such as hydroxytyrosol, usually grouped under the rubric polyphenols. The antioxidant and enzyme-modulating activities of extra virgin olive oil phenolics, such as their ability to inhibit NF-kappa B activation in human monocyte/macrophages has been demonstrated in vitro. There is also solid evidence that extra virgin olive oil phenolic compounds are absorbed and their human metabolism has been elucidated. Several activities that might be associated with cardiovascular protection, Such as inhibition of platelet aggregation and reduction of plasma rHcy have been demonstrated in vivo. The biologically relevant properties of olive phenolics are described, although further investigations in controlled clinical trials are needed to support the hypothesis that virgin olive oil consumption may contribute to lower cardiovascular mortality.
Forster resonance energy transfer (FRET)-based studies have become increasingly common in the investigation of GPCR signaling. Our research group developed an intra-molecular FRET sensor to detect the interaction between Ga subunits and GPCRs in live cells following agonist stimulation. Here, we detail the protocol for detecting changes in FRET between the beta 2-adrenergic receptor and the Gas C-terminus peptide upon treatment with 100 mu M isoproterenol hydrochloride as previously characterized1. Our FRET sensor is a single polypeptide consisting serially of a full-length GPCR, a FRET acceptor fluorophore (mCitrine), an ER/K SPASM (systematic protein affinity strength modulation) linker, a FRET donor fluorophore (mCerulean), and a Ga C-terminal peptide. This protocol will detail cell preparation, transfection conditions, equipment setup, assay execution, and data analysis. This experimental design detects small changes in FRET indicative of proteinprotein interactions, and can also be used to compare the strength of interaction across ligands and GPCR-G protein pairings. To enhance the signal-to-noise in our measurements, this protocol requires heightened precision in all steps, and is presented here to enable reproducible execution.
The disciplinary structure of research on complex problems related to human activities is supported by the fundaments of the social, life, and hard sciences. In this work, we looked at the development of scientific research in the field of biofuels, as a sustainable source of energy, searching for references regarding its scientific roots and social relevance. Scientific communications on biofuels published between 1998 and 2007 were analyzed using a combination of bibliometric methods and text mining techniques. This field of research was characterized as interdisciplinary, with marked social relevance. Our bibliometric analysis shows that, in this research subject, 132 different, interacting fields of knowledge overlap, with dominance of Chemistry, Engineering and Agricultural Sciences. Through the use of text mining techniques, this field was configured into three groups of Disciplinary Dimensions. The first and most influential group includes the Agricultural Sciences, Social Sciences, and Environmental Sciences. The second group, which gives the field its technological basis, includes Chemistry, Engineering, and Microbiology. The third group includes disciplines with emerging involvement in the field of biofuels: Biology and Biochemistry, Animal and Plant Sciences, Molecular Biology and Genetics, Economics, Material Sciences, Nanosciences and Nanotechnology, Geosciences, Physics, Humanities, Multidisciplinary Sciences, Mathematics, and Computer Sciences. This study suggests that the first group of Disciplinary Dimensions conforms to the elements that socially validate the progress of research in the field of biofuels. This study also proposes a metric that can be used to measure the interdisciplinarity and the social framing of any other research field.
Investigations of environmental microbial communities are crucial for the discovery of populations capable of degrading hazardous compounds and may lead to improved bioremediation strategies. The goal of this study was to identify microorganisms responsible for aerobic benzene degradation in coal tarcontaminated groundwater. Benzene degradation was monitored in laboratory incubations of well waters using gas chromatography mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Stable isotope probing (SIP) experiments using [C-13] benzene enabled us to obtain (13)Clabled community DNA. From this, 16S rRNA clone libraries identified Gammaproteobacteria and Betaproteobacteria as the active benzene-metabolizing microbial populations. Subsequent cultivation experiments yielded nine bacterial isolates that grew in the presence of benzene; five were confirmed in laboratory cultures to grow on benzene. The isolated benzene-degrading organisms were genotypically similar (>97% 16S rRNA gene nucleotide identities) to the organisms identified in SIP experiments. One isolate, Variovorax MAK3, was further investigated for the expression of a putative aromatic ring-hydroxylating dioxygenase (RHD) hypothesized to be involved in benzene degradation. Microcosm experiments using Variovorax MAK3 revealed a 10-fold increase in RHD (Vapar_5383) expression, establishing a link between this gene and benzene degradation. Furthermore, the addition of Variovorax MAK3 to microcosms prepared from site waters accelerated community benzene degradation and correspondingly increased RHD gene expression. In microcosms using uninoculated groundwater, quantitative (q) PCR assays (with 16S rRNA and RDH genes) showed that Variovorax was present and responsive to added benzene. These data demonstrate how the convergence of cultivation-dependent and -independent techniques can boost understandings of active populations and functional genes in complex benzene-degrading microbial communities. IMPORTANCE Benzene is a human carcinogen whose presence in contaminated groundwater drives environmental cleanup efforts. Although the aerobic biodegradation of benzene has long been established, knowledge of the identity of the microorganisms in complex naturally occurring microbial communities responsible for benzene biodegradation has evaded scientific inquiry for many decades. Here, we applied a molecular biology technique known as stable isotope probing (SIP) to the microbial communities residing in contaminated groundwater samples to identify the community members active in benzene biodegradation. We complemented this approach by isolating and growing in the laboratory a bacterium representative of the bacteria found using SIP. Further characterization of the isolated bacterium enabled us to track the expression of a key gene that attacks benzene both in pure cultures of the bacterium and in the naturally occurring groundwater microbial community. This work advances information regarding the documentation of microbial processes, especially the populations and genes that contribute to bioremediation.
Background: Whole genome duplication (WGD) and tandem duplication (TD) provide two critical sources of raw genetic material for genome complexity and evolutionary novelty. Little is known about the complexity of the Sesamum indicum genome after it diverged from a common ancestor with the paleodiploid Vitis vinifera and further experienced WGD and TD events. Results: Here, we analyzed the functional divergence of different classes of inter-and intra-genome gene pairs from ancestral events to uncover multiple-layers of evolutionary dynamics acting during the process of forming the modern S. indicum genome. Comprehensive inter-genome analyses revealed that 60% and 70% of syntenic orthologous gene pairs were retained among the two subgenomes in S. indicum compared to V. vinifera, although there was no evidence of significant differences under selection pressure. For the intra-genomic analyses, 5,932 duplicated gene pairs experienced fractionation, with the remaining 1,236 duplicated gene pairs having undergone functional divergence under diversifying selection. Analysis of the TD events indicated that 2,945 paralogous gene pairs, from 1,089 tandem arrays of 2-16 genes, experienced functional divergence under diversifying selection. Sequence diversification of different classes of gene pairs revealed that most of TD events occurred after the WGD event, with others following the ancestral gene order indicating ancient TD events at some time prior to the WGD event. Our comparison-of-function analyses for different classes of gene pairs indicated that the WGD and TD evolutionary events were both responsible for introducing genes that enabled exploration of novel and complementary functionalities, whilst maintaining individual plant ruggedness. Conclusions: In this study, we first investigated functional divergence of different classes of gene pairs to characterize the dynamic processes associated with each evolutionary event in S. indicum. The data demonstrated massive and distinct functional divergence among different classes of gene pairs, and provided a genome-scale view of gene function diversification explaining the complexity of the S. indicum genome. We hope this provides a biological model to study the mechanism of plant species formation, particularly in the context of the evolutionary history of flowering plants, and offers novel insights for the study of angiosperm genomes.
As a nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD(+))-dependent deacetylase, demalonylase, and desuccinylase, sirtuin 5 (SIRT5) in host cells has been reportedly observed in the mitochondria, in the cytosol/cytoplasm or in the nucleus. Various functional roles of SIRT5 have also been described in cellular metabolism, energy production, detoxification, oxidative stress, and apoptosis, but some of the reported results are seemingly inconsistent or even contradictory to one another. Using immunocytochemistry, molecular biology, gene transfection, and flow cytometry, we investigated the expression, subcellular distribution, and possible functional roles of SIRT5 in regulating apoptosis and oxidative stress of cultured SH-EP neuroblastoma cells. Both endogenous and transfected exogenous SIRT5 were observed in mitochondria of host SH-EP cells. Overexpression of SIRT5 markedly protected SH-EP cells from apoptosis induced by staurosporine or by incubation in Hank's balanced salt solution. SIRT5 also lowered the level of oxidative stress and countered the toxicity of hydrogen peroxide to SH-EP cells. It was suggested that the anti-apoptotic role of SIRT5 was mediated, at least in part, by its anti-oxidative effect in SH-EP neuroblastoma cells although the involved molecular mechanisms remain to be elucidated in details.
T cells must respond differently to antigens of varying affinity presented at different doses. Previous attempts to map peptide MHC (pMHC) affinity onto T-cell responses have produced inconsistent patterns of responses, preventing formulations of canonical models of T-cell signaling. Here, a systematic analysis of T-cell responses to 1 million-fold variations in both pMHC affinity and dose produced bell-shaped dose-response curves and different optimal pMHC affinities at different pMHC doses. Using sequential model rejection/identification algorithms, we identified a unique, minimal model of cellular signaling incorporating kinetic proofreading with limited signaling coupled to an incoherent feed-forward loop (KPL-IFF) that reproduces these observations. We show that the KPL-IFF model correctly predicts the T-cell response to antigen copresentation. Our work offers a general approach for studying cellular signaling that does not require full details of biochemical pathways.
Bacterial biofilms frequently form on fungal surfaces and can be involved in numerous bacterial-fungal interaction processes, such as metabolic cooperation, competition, or predation. The study of biofilms is important in many biological fields, including environmental science, food production, and medicine. However, few studies have focused on such bacterial biofilms, partially due to the difficulty of investigating them. Most of the methods for qualitative and quantitative biofilm analyses described in the literature are only suitable for biofilms forming on abiotic surfaces or on homogeneous and thin biotic surfaces, such as a monolayer of epithelial cells. While laser scanning confocal microscopy (LSCM) is often used to analyze in situ and in vivo biofilms, this technology becomes very challenging when applied to bacterial biofilms on fungal hyphae, due to the thickness and the three dimensions of the hyphal networks. To overcome this shortcoming, we developed a protocol combining microscopy with a method to limit the accumulation of hyphal layers in fungal colonies. Using this method, we were able to investigate the development of bacterial biofilms on fungal hyphae at multiple scales using both LSCM and scanning electron microscopy (SEM). This report describes the protocol, including microorganism cultures, bacterial biofilm formation conditions, biofilm staining, and LSCM and SEM visualizations.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is a reproductive and developmental toxicant in animals and a suspected endocrine modulator in humans. There is widespread exposure to DEHP in the general population. Patients can be additionally exposed through DEHP-containing medical devices. Toxicokinetic and metabolic knowledge on DEHP in humans is vital not only for the toxicological evaluation of DEHP but also for exposure assessments based on human biomonitoring data. Secondary oxidized DEHP metabolites like mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl)phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and mono-[2-(carboxymethyl)hexyl]phthalate (2cx-MMHP) are most valuable biomarkers of DEHP exposure. They represent the major share of DEHP metabolites excreted in urine (about 70% for these four oxidized metabolites vs. about 6% for MEHP); they are immune to external contamination and possibly the ultimate developmental toxicants. Long half-times of elimination make 5cx-MEPP and 2cx-MMHP excellent parameters to measure the time-weighted body burden to DEHP. 5OH-MEHP and 5oxo-MEHP more reflect the short-term exposure. We calculated the daily DEHP intake for the general population (n = 85) and for children (n = 254). Children were significantly higher exposed to DEHP than adults. Exposures at the 95th percentile (21 and 25 mu g/kg/day, respectively) scooped out limit values like the Reference Dose (RfD, 20 mu g/kg/day) and the Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI, 20-48 mu g/kg/day) to a considerable degree. Up to 20-fold oversteppings for some children give cause for concern. We also detected significant DEHP exposures for voluntary platelet donors (n = 12, 38 mu g/kg/apheresis, dual-needle technique). Premature neonates (n = 45) were exposed to DEHP up to 100 times above the limit values depending on the intensity of medical care (median: 42 mu g/kg/day; 95th percentile: 1780 mu g/kg/day).
Tupaia belangeri (tree shrew), an animal species whose genome has significantly higher similarity to primates than rodents, has been used in biomedical research. To generate animal models that reproduce the human tumors more faithfully than rodents, we present the first report of a cancer model mimicking human tumor genetics in tree shrew. By engineering a lentiviral system for the transduction of mutant H- Ras and a shRNA against tree shrew p53, we successfully generated malignant glioma in tree shrew. The tree shrew glioma exhibited aggressive behavior and a relatively short latency, and markedly reduced animal survival. Remarkably, the biological features of human high- grade glioma (necrosis, microvascular proliferation, pseudopalisading) were all present in tree shrew glioma. Furthermore, genetic analysis of tree shrew glioma revealed that the tumors were clustered within the mesenchymal subgroup of human glioblastoma multiforme. Compared with the corresponding mouse glioma, tree shrew gliomas were markedly more similar to human glioblastoma at gene expression profile. The tree shrew glioma model provides colleagues working in the field of gliomas and cancer in general with a more accurate animal model.
In this review we explore the similarities between spinocerebellar ataxias and dystonias, and suggest potentially shared molecular pathways using a gene co-expression.network approach. The spinocerebellar ataxias are a group of neurodegenerative disorders characterized by coordination problems caused mainly by atrophy of the cerebellum. The dystonias are another group of neurological' movement disorders linked to basal ganglia dysfunction, although evidence is now pointing to cerebellar involvement as well. Our gene co -expression network approach identified 99 shared genes and showed the involvement of two major pathways: synaptic transmission and neurodevelopment. These pathways overlapped in the two disorders, with a large role for GABAergic signaling in both. The overlapping pathways may provide novel targets for disease therapies. We need to prioritize variants obtained by whole exome sequencing in the genes associated with these pathways in the search for new pathogenic variants, which can than be used to help in the genetic counseling of patients and their families. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Little is known about how the virulence of a human pathogen varies in the environment it shares with its vector. This study focused on whether the virulence of Trypanosoma cruzi (Trypanosomatida: Trypanosomatidae), the causal agent of Chagas' disease, is related to altitude. Accordingly, Triatoma dimidiata (Hemiptera: Reduviidae) specimens were collected at three different altitudes (300, 700 and 1400 m a. s. l.) in Chiapas, Mexico. The parasite was then isolated to infect uninfected T. dimidiata from the same altitudes, as well as female CD-1 mice. The response variables were phenoloxidase (PO) activity, a key insect immune response, parasitaemia in mice, and amastigote numbers in the heart, oesophagus, gastrocnemius and brain of the rodents. The highest levels of PO activity, parasitaemia and amastigotes were found for Tryp. cruzi isolates sourced from 700 m a. s. l., particularly in the mouse brain. A polymerase chain reaction-based analysis indicated that all Tryp. cruzi isolates belonged to a Tryp. cruzi I lineage. Thus, Tryp. cruzi from 700 m a. s. l. may be more dangerous than sources at other altitudes. At this altitude, T. dimidiata is more common, apparently because the conditions are more beneficial to its development. Control strategies should focus activity at altitudes around 700 m a. s. l., at least in relation to the region of the present study sites.
Myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSCs) weaken the antitumor immune response through the inhibition of effector T cell activity and the production of immunosuppressive factors in pathological sites. It is well established that interleukin-17A (IL-17A) has a remarkable role on the promotion of inflammation and tumor formation, and IL-17 has been implicated in the enhancement of immunosuppression of MDSCs, which consequently promotes tumor progression. A detailed study of this relationship remains elusive. In our study, we not only confirmed the promotion of IL-17 on Lewis lung carcinoma (LLC) development but also surprisingly showed that IL-17 could extend the fate and enhance the immunosuppressive effect of MDSCs through activating ERK1/2. Additionally, the effect of IL-17 on MDSCs was reversed, even in tumors by blocking ERK1/2. Interdicting the signaling molecule ERK1/2 could increase the apoptosis of MDSCs and weaken the suppressive activity of MDSCs, so that thereafter, the antitumor immunity could be restored partly. Therefore, these findings offer new insights into the importance of IL-17 and the downstream signaling factor ERK1/2 for MDSCs.
